Item 5

INITIAL FEES


The initial license fee for an Express Unit is $22,500.  The initial license fee for a Power Pumper
Unit will range from $22,500 to $45,000.  We may modify the initial license fees for atypical locations or
unusual development or operational circumstances. These initial license fees are part of the general
revenues for us and are not set aside for any particular purpose.  The initial license fee is not refundable
after receipt of payment from the licensee unless we determine in our discretion that the licensee and the
Unit qualify for a waiver or reduction in the initial license fee.


I.
Published Incentives

As described in Item 1, we currently offer qualifying licensees a Walmart Test Incentive Program
for the development of approved Express Units. Licensees who qualify for this incentive program will
benefit from a number of incentives, one of which (if the conditions are met and followed) is the waiver of
what would otherwise be an initial license fee of $22,500.


II.  Registration and Payment of Initial License Fee

Existing licensees may apply for a license for a specific location by registering the site on




Express FDD 2024


MYTACOBELL, which website will be made available to you after you are approved by us as eligible to
become a licensee, and paying a $10,000 deposit towards the initial license fee. The deposit is not
refundable unless after receipt of payment from the licensee, we determine that the licensee and the
restaurant qualify for a waiver or reduction in the initial fee.

After your receipt of notification that we have approved your site location and upon ground break
of the Unit, the balance of the initial license fee is due.  After receipt of payment, we will prepare and send
to you the License Agreement and Release (see Exhibits B-1 and C).  If the initial license fee is not paid in
full or the license documents are not timely signed and returned to us, we will not permit the Unit to open
for business.


III.  Units Acquired from the Company or our Affiliates

On occasion we or an affiliate will sell to certain licensees or franchisees one or more existing Units
including KT Units operated by us or an affiliate. If you purchase the license for an existing Unit operated
by us or an affiliate, the total purchase price for the restaurant may exceed $1,800,000, excluding real
property costs, and will include the per Unit initial license fee and amounts representing the value of the
building, equipment, signs and inventory. The purchase price for the sale of one or more existing restaurants
varies and is typically based on a multiple of cash flow. If the sale includes a multi-brand restaurant, the
initial franchise fee for the other brand is not included in the purchase price and must be paid separately,
and you will be required to comply with the other brand’s standards and sign additional documentation.
You will enter into an Asset Purchase Agreement (“APA”) with us in a format substantially similar to that
attached as Exhibit I. The APA will define the purchase price and other expenditures and obligations you
are to pay or assume to purchase the Units covered by the APA. You will be required to pay a deposit that
will vary in amount depending on the size of the transaction, but is generally 2% of the purchase price. The
deposit is refundable only in certain situations as specified in the APA. You may be required to enter into
a Market Build Out Agreement, in a form similar to that included in the APA (see Exhibit J to the APA),
for the development of one or more new Units.

When more than one Unit is being sold, the Units are not individually priced but are sold as a group
and may or may not include the purchase of the real property. Over the last 3 years, 2021 through 2023, our
affiliate, Taco Bell of America, LLC, and/or its affiliates, sold groups of Units, ranging from 1 to 4 Units
with the sales prices ranging from $1.1 million to $16 million per group.

V.
Development Services

For the first Unit that you open, we may require that you enter into a Development Services
Agreement (see Exhibit L) with our affiliate YRSG for construction services to be provided by YRSG (or
its designee) at a cost of $25,000.  You will be required to submit payment by check or via wire prior to
your submission of a site for approval. You must also pay YRSG directly for all ADA inspection costs
(which are estimated to cost $2,250).  YRSG (or its designee) also provides optional real estate services at
a cost of $10,000.  YRSG’s specific development and real estate services are detailed in Item 8.

For the first Unit that you open, you may be required to use one of three preferred national A&E
consultants to do the A&E work, the names of which will be provided to you once you are approved by us
as eligible to become a licensee, and the estimated cost for which is included in the Permits, Licenses,
Security Deposits estimated costs listed in Item 7.

For your second and subsequent Units, you are not required to, but may, sign a Development
Services Agreement with YRSG for construction and/or real estate services to be provided by YRSG (or
its designee), at the costs provided above, or you may use an approved third-party construction management
firm.





Express FDD 2024