ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES

If you are new to the Wendy’s system, you must sign the Preliminary Letter Agreement attached to this
disclosure document as Exhibit L.  You must also pay a Training Fee of $5,000 to help defray the costs of your
initial orientation and training program.  If you are participating in Quality’s Build-to-Suit or REPP programs,
the Training Fee shall be due at the time you execute Quality’s Letter of Agreement for the applicable program.
If you are already part of the Wendy’s system, or in other unique, limited instances, Quality may waive the
Training Fee.  Quality is under no obligation to refund the Training Fee under any circumstances.
Quality conducts a background investigation on all individuals who will become a named franchisee,
guarantor, or who will own 5% or more ownership interest in a franchisee entity.  Quality requires
reimbursement for the $500 cost of each background investigation.
Whether you are new to the Wendy’s system or are an existing Wendy’s Franchisee, you must pay a
Technical Assistance Fee of $50,000 for each Wendy’s Restaurant at the time the Franchise Agreement is
executed, or $12,500 for a Frosty Cart.  Quality is under no obligation to refund the Technical Assistance Fee
under any circumstance.
In some limited instances (like a reduced Franchise Agreement term or other unique circumstances),
Quality may charge a modified Technical Assistance Fee or may waive the Technical Assistance Fee entirely.
A Technical Assistance Fee of $25,000 is generally applicable to non-traditional sites with characteristics like
limited seating, a reduced Franchise Agreement term and unique real estate provisions.  Quality may also
waive the Technical Assistance fee in accordance with a Franchisee’s existing Pacesetter Development
Agreement terms or in accordance with the Technical Assistance Fee waiver terms under its Groundbreaker
Development Agreement (where a Restaurant must be opened on or before November 30th of the immediately
preceding calendar year to the Restaurant’s Required Open Date in order for the waiver to apply).  Other than
in these circumstances, the Technical Assistance Fee may be waived only in very unusual situations, and you
should not anticipate a waiver of the Technical Assistance Fee.
Under the Wendy’s Franchise Development Program (“FDP”), Wendy’s franchisees who build a new
Wendy’s Restaurant or remodel an existing Restaurant will have the option of contracting with Quality and/or
one of its affiliates as an independent contractor, to perform project management services.  Under the FDP,
you and Quality and/or one of its affiliates must sign the Project Management Agreement which is attached to
this disclosure document as Exhibit M.  If you remodel your Restaurant under any remodel design, the fee due
under the Project Management Agreement, which is known as the “Project Fee” (“Project Fee”) will be
$20,000.  For new restaurant construction, scrapes and rebuilds and guts and rebuilds, the Project Fee will be
$35,000.  In addition to the Project Fee, you are responsible for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Quality
and/or its affiliates on each project, including travel expenses (see Item 7).  The Project Fee must be paid upon
execution of the Project Management Agreement, attached as Exhibit M to this disclosure document, and shall
be applied to the final project fee as determined by the scope of the project.
Under Wendy’s Real Estate Procurement Program (“REPP”), you may elect to have Wendy’s select
and procure for you new Restaurant sites subject to your agreement and approval.  If you use REPP to obtain
such real estate services, which include negotiation of a purchase contract or lease for the Restaurant site, you

FDD-2024
- 13 -
must sign a REPP Letter of Agreement, attached as Exhibit N to this disclosure document, as well as a General
Release of All Claims, which is attached as an exhibit to the REPP Letter of Agreement and you are required
to pay a Real Estate Services Fee of $12,500.  If a Training Fee applies (see above), it is also due at the time
you sign a REPP Letter of Agreement.  Once the Restaurant has been approved by Wendy’s Executive Capital
Committee and prior to Wendy’s signing a prime lease with the landlord for the Restaurant premises, or signing
a purchase contract for Wendy’s acquisition of a fee simple interest in the Restaurant premises, franchisees
must sign and deliver to Wendy’s (i) a REPP Sublease Agreement or an Assignment and Assumption of
Purchase Agreement, (ii) a Guaranty of Sublease, (iii) pay a Transactions Services Fee of $17,500 to cover
certain of Wendy’s costs; and (iv) pay a Project Fee of $35,000 and sign the REPP Project Management
Agreement attached as Exhibit C to Exhibit N to this disclosure document.  Also, at the time the REPP Sublease
Agreement or an Assignment and Assumption of Purchase Agreement is executed, , franchisees must sign and
deliver to Wendy’s (i) Wendy’s then-current franchise agreement, (ii) a Release of Claims, and (iii) pay the
then-current Technical Assistance Fee as required under the franchise agreement.  If Wendy’s purchases a fee
simple interest in the Restaurant premises and Wendy’s will continue to own and lease the Restaurant to you,
a Wendy’s form of lease agreement will be used and will be substantially similar to the REPP Sublease
Agreement and the rental will be mutually determined between the parties.
Under Wendy’s Build-to-Suit program, Wendy’s franchisees will have the option to request that
Wendy’s locate and develop new Wendy’s Restaurants.  The Build-to-Suit program is not typically available
to fulfill your development commitments under a Development Agreement, nor are Build-to-Suit Restaurants
eligible to receive development incentives.  Under the Build-to-Suit program, you must sign the Build-to-Suit
Letter of Agreement attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit O and you are required to pay a Real
Estate Services Fee of $12,500 at that time.  If a Training Fee applies (see above), it is also due at the time you
sign a Build-to-Suit Letter of Agreement.  At the time that the Restaurant location has been approved by
Wendy’s Executive Capital Committee, and in any event prior to Wendy’s signing a prime lease with the
landlord for the Restaurant premises, or signing a purchase contract for Wendy’s acquisition of a fee simple
interest in the Restaurant premises, you must sign and deliver to Wendy’s(i) a Build-to-Suit Sublease
Agreement with a rent schedule that will typically equate to:  the amount paid by Wendy’s under the prime
lease (or in the case that Wendy’s purchases the land, a Build-to-Suit Lease Agreement with a fixed market
rent which may include an initial franchisee capital contribution, determined by Wendy’s payable prior to
opening), plus a percentage of Gross Sales determined by Wendy’s, (ii) a Sublease Guaranty or Lease
Guaranty, and (iii) a Release of Claims, and pay a Real Estate Development Services Fee of $40,000 (plus
applicable taxes) as well as the Transaction Services Fee of $17,500 (plus applicable taxes).  In addition to
these fees, you are responsible for directly purchasing restaurant furniture, fixtures, equipment, signage, and
technology, as well as all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Quality and/or its affiliates on each project,
including travel expenses (see Items 6 and 7).  Also, at the time the Build-to-Suit Sublease Agreement or Build-
to-Suit Lease Agreement is executed, you must sign and deliver to Wendy’s (i) Wendy’s then-current franchise
agreement, (ii) a Release of Claims, and (iii) pay the then-current Technical Assistance Fee as required under
the franchise agreement.  The Build-to-Suit Sublease Agreement, Sublease Guaranty, and Release of Claims
are attached as Exhibits to Exhibit O to this disclosure document.
If you acquire your Wendy’s Restaurant from another franchisee, and we consent to the transfer of the
Franchise Agreement to you and you are not participating in the Franchise Flip Program, no other initial
franchise fee or other initial payment (other than a transfer fee) is required to be paid by you to Quality.  If you
acquire your Wendy’s Restaurant from Quality or one of its affiliates, there may be leasing or financing costs
as well as the reimbursement of various other costs due to Quality or its affiliates before opening, as also
discussed in Item 10.  Specifically, these other costs may include Quality’s Technical Assistance Fee, rent,
inventory, working capital, training costs and other costs associated with opening a Wendy’s Restaurant (see
Items 6 and 7).  If you sell a Restaurant that was built under our Build-to-Suit Program, as a condition for its
consent to any transfer and in its discretion, Quality (for itself and its affiliates) reserves the right to terminate

FDD-2024
- 14 -
or modify the terms and conditions of agreements associated with the Build-to-Suit Program as it relates to the
Restaurant, including any lease or sublease, and reserves the right to call due and collect such amount(s) as
determined by Quality (and/or its affiliates) in its discretion at the closing of the Restaurant transfer.  Such
amount(s) may be calculated to make Quality (and/or its affiliates) whole for its investments into the
Restaurant, including, but not limited to, net book value associated with the Restaurant, additional anticipated
returns over the life of the Franchise Agreement associated with the Restaurant, acceleration of lease or
sublease consideration, or repayment of allowances or inducements.
Finally, if you are approved to participate in Quality’s Franchise Flip program, which involves the sale
of Restaurants by an existing Franchisee and our provision of valuation and deal management services, you
will receive a new Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant, which will provide a 20-year term (5 years for a
Frosty Cart), and you will pay a Franchise Flip TAF of $25,000 for each Restaurant ($12,500 for a Frosty Cart)
at the time the Franchise Agreement is executed.
If you previously executed a development agreement with us, the Technical Assistance Fee for the
Restaurant may be credited through the application of any previously-paid development fee.  The current forms
of Development Agreements do not require an up-front fee.