Item 5

INITIAL FEES

If you are purchasing a residential real estate franchise, you must pay RE/MAX Regional a
nonrefundable initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  The amount of this fee varies
depending upon the general population density of the market area where the Office will be located.  The
parameters of the fee are as follows:

(a)
$35,000 in areas with a general population of 30,000 or more people (“high-density”); or

(b)
$17,500 in areas with a general population of less than 30,000 people, that are substantially
distant from a major urban area, and in which no appreciable population growth is
envisioned (“low-density”).

If you are purchasing a commercial real estate franchise, you must pay RE/MAX Regional a
nonrefundable initial franchise fee of $25,000, regardless of population density, when you sign the
Franchise Agreement and Commercial Office Addendum.

The applicable, nonrefundable initial franchise fee will be determined by RE/MAX Regional and
inserted into Subsection 6.A. of the Franchise Agreement before you sign it.

RE/MAX Regional has the right to re-classify a market area upon renewal of the franchise.  For
example, a franchisee classified as low-density at the time of the initial sale may be in a high-density area
at renewal.

You will also be required to pay RE/MAX Regional a nonrefundable $1,000 Team Office Initial
Fee for each Team Office that RE/MAX, LLC allows you to open.

RE/MAX, Regional may vary, waive, reduce, defer, or make an exception to its published fee
structure and/or payment terms for any reason, including, without limitation, in order to: (i) facilitate
acquisitions or larger mergers or conversions; (ii) accommodate certain existing franchisees that acquire
additional offices; or (iii) encourage expansion in certain markets.  For example, at the present time,
RE/MAX, LLC may, in its sole discretion, offer opportunities to purchase a franchise at a reduced fee to (i)
qualified existing franchisees in good standing or (ii) qualified prospective franchisees that are converting
existing real estate offices or that are converting multiple real estate offices.  RE/MAX Regional makes no
representations that these or any other opportunities or variations to the standard initial franchise fee
(“incentives”) will continue to be made available and they may be discontinued at any time.  In addition,
we reserve the right not to make any incentives available.  Your compliance at all times with all of the
material provisions of the Franchise Agreement will be required for you to be eligible for any and all
incentives.  If you receive an incentive and you later default in any of your material obligations under your
Franchise Agreement, we reserve the right to terminate your eligibility for any and all incentives.  If you
fail to cure such default within the cure period provided in your franchise agreement, or if such default
cannot be cured, then in addition to any other remedies available to us, we reserve the right to require you
to repay on demand any and all incentives that you received from us prior to such default.

During calendar year 2023, franchisees paid initial franchise fees ranging from $0 to $17,500 for a
franchise in a low-density market and from $0 to $35,000 for a franchise in a high-density market.
Discounts to the initial franchise fee were granted based on factors such as a conversion or assistance with
expansion in certain markets.


RE/MAX Integrated Regions FDD
April 2024

You may finance the initial franchise fee over a 12-month period.  If you are purchasing a
residential real estate franchise and you choose to finance the initial franchise fee, your initial franchise fee
will be $37,500 if your franchise is in a high-density area (as opposed to $35,000 if you pay it in one lump
sum) or $19,000 if your franchise is in a low-density area (as opposed to $17,500 if you pay it in one lump
sum).  If you are purchasing a commercial real estate franchise and you choose to finance the initial
franchise fee, your initial franchise fee will be $27,000 (as opposed to $25,000 if you choose to pay it in
one lump sum).

You will be required to pay at least 50% in cash as a down payment when the Franchise Agreement
is signed; the balance will be due in 12 equal monthly installments which will be charged to your bank
account (if we allow you to pay by credit card, you may be charged a credit card processing fee or surcharge;
see Item 10).  If in the same calendar month that you sign the Franchise Agreement and pay the 50% down
payment you pay the remaining promissory note balance in full, RE/MAX Regional will waive the
installment fee.

Note to Renewal Franchisees

In the event of a renewal, you will not need to pay us an initial franchise fee.  However, at least 90
days prior to the expiration of your expiring franchise agreement, a renewal fee is payable to us of either
$6,000 or $12,500, depending upon whether you are renewing a residential office located in a high- or low-
density area or whether you are renewing a commercial RE/MAX franchise.  Your renewal fee will be
$12,500 if you are renewing a residential RE/MAX franchise in a high-density area ($14,000 if you choose
to pay your renewal fee in 12 equal monthly installments) or $6,000 if your franchise is in a low-density
area ($7,000 if you choose to pay your renewal fee in 12 equal monthly installments).  If you are renewing
a commercial RE/MAX franchise, your renewal fee will be $9,000 ($10,250 if you choose to pay your
renewal fee in 12 equal monthly installments).  If you finance the renewal fee, the monthly installments
will be debited from your bank account (if we allow you to pay by credit card, you may be charged a credit
card processing fee or surcharge; see Item 10).

If you are renewing a Team Franchise, a Micro-Market Franchise, or a Micro-Market Team
Franchise, then your renewal fee will be whatever is identified in your expiring franchise agreement.

If you are renewing an existing Team Office, you will be required to pay a Team Office Renewal
Fee of $500 for each Team Office that you renew (see Item 6).

Note to Franchise Transferees

In the event of a transfer, you will not need to pay us an initial franchise fee.  However, a transfer
fee is payable to us in an amount of $2,500 per Franchise Agreement transfer, plus any amounts necessary
to cover our other costs, such as administrative and legal expenses (RE/MAX Regional’s costs could be
significantly higher than the transfer fee depending upon the nature and complexity of the transaction).









RE/MAX Integrated Regions FDD
April 2024