ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee:  We currently charge an initial franchise fee of $35,000 for a Market Center
franchise, which includes $6,000 allocated to a subscription plan allowing certain of your personnel to
participate in training and coaching programs.  (See Item 11.)

You must pay the full initial franchise fee in a lump sum when you execute your Franchise
Agreement.  If we award you a franchise, the initial franchise fee is fully earned and nonrefundable.  We
are not obligated to refund or return any fees you paid if the Franchise Agreement is terminated for any
reason.  If the pre-paid training fee subscription is not used in full within 18 months from the date you sign
your Franchise Agreement, any unused portion will be forfeited to us.

FSO Registration Fees:  We require your Operating Principal, Team Leader and Market Center
Administrator to attend Franchise Systems Orientation. Currently we offer an in-person class option for a
fee of $399 per person. We also require that each of your Franchisee’s Principals and other members of
your Franchisee’s Group we designate in the Brand Standards Manuals or otherwise in writing attend
Franchise Systems Orientation and Investor Workshop before you open your Market Center and once every
three years.  So, if five persons attend in total, your aggregated FSO registration fees would be $1,995 for
April 26, 2024, as amended August 5, 2024 (FTC)
Franchise Systems Orientation. If your Operating Principal, Team Leader and/or Market Center
Administrator pays a registration fee to attend Franchise Systems Orientation before our approval of a
Market Center application or finalization of a Market Center Franchise Agreement, these registration fees
will not be reimbursed following final execution of a Market Center Franchise Agreement or return of an
unapproved Market Center application.

Technology Fee:  On signing the Franchise Agreement you must pay a $250 fee to be connected
to our file transfer and electronic mail system. (See Item 11).

Business Center Fee:  After you have opened and are successfully operating your Market Center,
you may apply to open a Business Center.  We currently charge an initial Business Center fee of $2,500 for
the rights to operate a Business Center.  You must pay the initial Business Center fee in a lump sum when
you execute your Business Center Addendum.  If we execute your Business Center Addendum to the
Market Center Franchise Agreement, the initial Business Center fee is fully earned and nonrefundable.  We
are not obligated to refund or return any fees you paid if the Business Center Addendum or the host Market
Center’s Franchise Agreement is terminated for any reason.


Commercial Addendum Fees:  We may authorize you to perform commercial real estate
brokerage services and to list and sell commercial real estate properties (“Commercial Real Estate
Activities”), in addition to the residential real estate brokerage services contemplated under the Franchise
Agreement.  Currently, we do not charge our Market Centers for the right to conduct Commercial Real
Estate Activities, although we may charge you for the right to conduct these activities in the future.  We do
currently charge individual Keller Williams Associates who choose to participate in our Commercial
programs.


We reserve the right to deduct amounts directly from your bank account (via electronic funds
transfer) to cover all fees, costs and expenses (including the costs of electronic funds transfer).  You must
sign all authorizations required and adequately fund your bank account.


We impose the fees described in this Item uniformly on all franchisees who acquire a Market Center
franchise under this Disclosure Document.