ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
The initial franchise fee for each type of Shop is as follows:
Shop Type
Amount of Initial Franchise Fee
Standard Shop .............................................. ...............
$50,000
Non-Standard Shop  ...................................................
$25,000
We generally do not waive or reduce the initial franchise fee for a Standard Shop, except under rare
and extraordinary circumstances or in connection with a program that we may be offering.  The initial
franchise fee is non-refundable. Operators do not pay an initial franchise fee.
The initial franchise fee is payable when you sign the Franchise Agreement, unless we approve
otherwise.
Equipment, Fixtures & Signage
In addition to the initial franchise fee, it is likely that (except for Operators) you will make additional
payments to us or our affiliates before opening a Franchised Restaurant for various equipment, fixtures and
signage that must be acquired by a Shop before its opening.  For a Standard Shop, these items will range in
total cost from $50,000 to $410,000 and for a Non-Standard Shop from $50,000 to $200,000.  Unless the
equipment delivered to you is defective or determined by us to be unnecessary, these amounts are non-
refundable.  They must be paid upon receipt of an invoice for the items.
Under our Operator Agreement, you will pay us a security deposit at the time you sign the Operator
Agreement which ranges from $5,000 to $35,000 (depending on the value of the Tim Hortons Shop assets)
payable to us or our affiliate, which will be held during the term of the Operator Agreement. Within 15
business days after the end of our relationship, we will refund the security deposit to you, minus any
deductions to reimburse us for (i) monies owed by you to us; (ii) repairs, maintenance, and/or replacement
to the Shop or assets which you were responsible to maintain and (iii) monies owed by you to third parties
incurred in connection with the operation of the Tim Hortons Shop and for which you are or may be
responsible.
Training
You must pay $500 per person per week for each individual who attends our initial training program.
The training is approximately 1 to 5 weeks.  Your principal owner(s), any General Manager and any
Restaurant Manager must attend this training.
Development Agreement
If you enter into an  Development Agreement with us, you must prepay a portion of the initial
franchise fee ($25,000) multiplied by the number of Franchised Restaurants you commit to develop. This
amount is paid in installments with the first installment due and payable on the date of the  Development
Agreement.  The remaining amount is paid in equal annual installments over the term of the Development
Agreement.  It is deemed fully earned when paid.  This amount is non-refundable but $25,000 of this amount
will be credited against the then-current initial franchise fee for each Franchised Restaurant opened by you
Item 5
03/2024
(or your subsidiary or affiliate) under the Development Agreement until exhausted.  If you default under the
Development Agreement, then any remaining amount will be forfeited by you to us. These agreements are
typically granted only to sophisticated, highly experienced franchisees.
Other
We generally require that you construct a Franchised Restaurant on real estate that you own or lease.
If you are constructing a Franchised Restaurant on real estate that you own or lease, unless we approve
otherwise in writing, you must purchase all leasehold improvements and building components from a supplier
we have approved. In all instances, we or our affiliate or a supplier we approve will supply various equipment,
fixtures and signage.  The cost will be site specific and will depend on the square footage of the Franchised
Restaurant, the existing condition of the Franchised Restaurant premises, and your choice of items to be
supplied.  In rare circumstances, we may offer to construct all leasehold improvements and the cost of
leasehold improvements may be reflected in the rent for the Franchised Restaurant premises.  In those
situations where we are selling a Franchised Restaurant constructed on real estate that we or one of our
affiliates own or lease, we or one of our affiliates will, in most situations, lease the Shop premises directly to
you, or lease the Franchised Restaurant premises from the landlord and then sublease the premises to you.
4857-3590-4939, v. 4
Item 6
03/2024