ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
Under the Franchise Agreement you must pay us a $50,000 franchise fee for a Popeye’s Restaurant
(“Initial Franchise Fee”) before opening the Franchised Restaurant.  Unless you are opening the Franchised
Restaurant under one of the Development Incentive Programs discussed below, the Initial Franchise Fee
under the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant is due at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement.  In
all cases it is not credited against any other fee and is not refundable.
You must sign either a Target Reservation Agreement (“TRA”) (Exhibit C1), a Multiple Target
Reservation Agreement (“MTRA) (Exhibit C2) or a Development Agreement (Exhibit C3) based on the
number of Franchised Restaurants you commit to develop.
There is no deposit due when you sign the TRA.  As discussed below, when you sign the MTRA,
you must pay to us an “MTRA Deposit” determined by multiplying $25,000 by the number of Popeyes
Restaurants openings committed. When you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $25,000 from
the previously made MTRA Deposit towards the Initial Franchise Fee owed by you for the applicable
Popeyes Restaurant until the full amount of all MTRA Deposit is applied.
We may reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for franchise rights granted in certain Alternative Venues;
and, in particular, in those instances where the duration of the franchise term may be a shorter term (i.e.
typically one to five years) and as a result of the shorter occupancy rights or restrictions that may exist in these
other locations.
*
*
*
If you are purchasing an existing Franchised Restaurant as part of a transfer that has been approved by
us, you must pay us a pro-rated amount of the Initial Franchise Fee if we agree to grant you additional term.
The Initial Franchise Fees actually paid for new franchises during our fiscal year ended December
31, 2023 ranged from $0 to $50,000 per Popeyes Restaurant.  These variations in Initial Franchise Fees
may be attributed to: (i) the sale of franchises for alternative venues; (ii) existing Franchise and
Development Agreements entered into when our fee structure differed; (iii) periodic limited time offers and
promotions, including certain development incentive programs; (iv) unique circumstances to encourage the
development and opening of Popeyes Restaurants; or (v) a reallocation of fees between our Initial Franchise
Fee and previously required development fee in the second half of our last fiscal year.
Development Incentive Programs
We have established the following programs that we refer to as development incentive programs
to encourage franchisees to develop and open new Popeyes Restaurants (collectively, the “Development
Incentive Programs” or “Programs”): (1) the Veterans Development Incentive Program; (2) the Women
and Minorities Development Incentive Program; and (3) the 2023-2025 Top Operators Development
Incentive Program.  You must be in good standing under your existing Development and Franchise
Agreements, if any, to qualify for any Development Incentive Program.  We can modify or terminate any
of these programs at any time.
For purposes of the Development Incentive Programs, a “Free Standing Restaurant” is a Popeyes
Restaurant located in a single purpose, single tenant building. Free Standing Restaurants do not include
Item 5
03/2024
Popeyes Restaurants located in food courts, any “In-Line” Restaurants or any Popeyes Restaurants located
in co-branded buildings.
In no event will an individual Popeyes Restaurant qualify for development incentives under more
than one development incentive program provided by us.
The Veterans Development Incentive Program and the Women and Minorities Development
Incentive Program
The following sites will not be eligible for either the Veterans Development Incentive Program or
the Women and Minorities Development Incentive Program: (1) any sites previously operated as Popeyes
Restaurants; and (2) any sites for which site approval previously expired unless such site will be developed
and operated by a third-party franchisee who is unrelated to the prospective developer who previously
obtained site approval.
1.
Veterans Development Incentive Program
Under our Veterans Development Incentive Program, qualified veteran franchisees may be
eligible to receive certain development incentives.  If: (A) you are a New Franchisee; (B) you (or
a holder of at least 51% of your ownership interests) provide us with a DD Form 214 or other
adequate documentation, as determined by us, demonstrating honorable discharge from the United
States military; (C) you sign a Franchise Agreement, an Amendment to Franchise Agreement
(Single Unit) and a Development Incentive Program Addendum to the Franchise Agreement
(Exhibit G1); and (D) you open your first new Franchised Restaurant within 18 months following
the date your site was approved by us, then for your first new Franchised Restaurant, we will do
the following:
(i)
Reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for the Franchised Restaurant from $50,000 to
$27,500, and
(ii)
Reduce the Royalty to 2% of Gross Sales for a period of 6 months following the
opening date of the Franchised Restaurant.
If you participate in the Veterans Development Incentive Program and your qualifying
veteran owner transfers his/her interests in the qualifying franchise prior to the first anniversary of
the opening date of the Franchised Restaurant, you must pay us the portion of the Initial Franchise
Fee that was waived under this Program as a condition to the transfer. Any reduced Royalty rates
will terminate at the time of transfer.
2.  Women and Minorities Development Incentive Program
Under our Women and Minorities Development Incentive Program, qualified female and
Minority (as defined below) owned franchisees may be eligible to receive certain development
incentives.  If: (A) you are a New Franchisee; (B) you (or a holder of at least 51% of your ownership
interests) are a woman or qualify as a Minority and will control the management and daily business
operations of the Franchised Restaurant; (C) you sign a Franchise Agreement, an Amendment to
Franchise Agreement (Single Unit) and a Development Incentive Program Addendum to the
Franchise Agreement (Exhibit G1); and (D) you open your first new Franchised Restaurant within
18 months following the date your site was approved by us, then for your first new Franchised
Restaurant, we will do the following:
Item 5
03/2024
(i)
Reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for the Franchised Restaurant from $50,000 to
$27,500, and
(ii)
Reduce the Royalty to 2% of Gross Sales for a period of 6 months following the
opening date of the Franchised Restaurant.
For purposes of the Women and Minorities Development Incentive Program, a Minority is
a United States citizen presenting documentation from a federal or state certification body to
establish at least 25% minimum origins as follows:

African-American – origins in any of the Black racial groups of Africa;

Hispanic – origins from any of the Spanish-speaking areas of the following
regions: Mexico, Central America, South America and the Caribbean Basin
only.  Brazilians shall be listed under Hispanic designation for review and
certification purposes; and

Native American – American Indian, Eskimo, Aleut or Native Hawaiian, and
regarded as such by the community of which the person claims to be a part.
Additionally, Native Americans must be documented members of a North
American tribe, band or otherwise organized group of native people who are
indigenous to the continental United States for which proof can be provided
through a Native American Blood Degree Certificate (i.e., tribal registry letter
and/or tribal roll register number).
If you participate in the Women and Minorities Development Incentive Program and your
qualifying female or Minority owner transfers his/her interests in the qualifying franchise prior to the first
anniversary of the opening date of the Franchised Restaurant, you must pay us the portion of the Initial
Franchise Fee that was waived under this Program as a condition to the transfer. Any reduced Royalty rates
will terminate at the time of transfer.
The Development Incentive Programs described above will terminate if:  (A) you fail to open any
Franchised Restaurant qualifying for a development incentive by the program due date; (B) you fail to open
any Franchised Restaurant by its scheduled opening date; or (C) you receive, while you are paying a reduced
Royalty, a written notice of default under any agreement with us (including any Development Agreement
or Franchise Agreement) and you fail to cure the default within the applicable cure period, if any.  Following
the termination of any Development Incentive Program, you must: (i) pay us the full amount of the Initial
Franchise Fee and (ii) begin paying Royalty at 5% of Gross Sales.  There are many factors and variables
that can affect the timeline of the development process.  Delays in the development process will not be
grounds for extension of the incentive deadlines.
Prior Incentive Programs
In the past, we offered a program under which various fees were reduced. Although we no longer
offer this program, because Franchisees in this program must sign an addendum to the Franchise
Agreement, we have included this document at Exhibit G2.
Other Initial Fees
Initial Franchise Fee Deposit
You must sign a TRA (Exhibit C1) or a MTRA (Exhibit C2) if you wish to specify "Target
Area(s)" (as defined in the TRA or MTRA) to search for potential sites to develop one or more Popeyes
Item 5
03/2024
Restaurants.  When you sign the MTRA, you pay a deposit of $25,000 multiplied by the number of Popeyes
Restaurant openings committed (“MTRA Deposit”).  When you sign your MTRA, you must pay us for all
costs and expenses incurred by us to source, review, and onboard you, and all other incidental expenses we
incur to prepare your MTRA. This cost generally ranges from $1,000 to $2,500. This amount may be
different if you are signing an MTRA under one of the programs described above.  We may grant you
approval to pursue additional Target Areas without requiring an additional deposit.  The MTRA will
typically grant you more Target Areas than Popeyes Restaurant openings that you commit to.  We will
credit $25,000 of the MTRA Deposit against the then-current initial franchise fee upon opening of the
Popeyes Restaurant, assuming the franchise fee is greater than the MTRA Deposit.  We may waive the
deposit for Institutional Target Areas and in limited special situations.  The MTRA Deposit will be non-
refundable.
We have the sole discretion to decide whether to grant you a Development Agreement, TRA,
MTRA or a franchise. We also have the sole discretion to determine the number of additional targets above
the opening commitment that can be added to the MTRA. We are not obligated to grant a Development
Agreement, TRA or MTRA to you even if you have the financial, legal and operational capacity to develop
and operate Restaurants.  For Target Areas, we may require you to pay for a "Impact Study" before we
decide whether to approve development at the location.  The fee for any Impact Study is non-refundable
(see Item 6).
Development Agreements


As described above, we occasionally grant Development Agreements.  The terms are subject to
negotiation.  When you sign your Development Agreement, you must pay us for all costs and expenses
incurred by us to source, review, and onboard you, and all other incidental expenses we incur to prepare
your Development Agreement. This cost generally ranges from $5,000 to $20,000. Unless we otherwise
agree, you must also prepay the Initial Franchisee Fees you would pay for each Popeyes Restaurant you
commit to develop.  This amount is paid in installments with the first installment due and payable on the
date of the Development Agreement.  The remaining amount is paid in installments over the term of the
Development Agreement.  These amounts are nonrefundable but will be credited towards the then-current
initial franchise fee payable by you as you develop Popeyes Restaurants under the Development Agreement
until exhausted.  We may impose other financial and operational commitments.  These agreements are
typically granted only to sophisticated, highly experienced Franchisees.
Other
We generally require that you construct a Franchised Restaurant on real estate that you own or
lease.  In all instances, we or our affiliate or a supplier we approve will supply various equipment, fixtures
and signage.  The cost will be site specific and will depend on the square footage of the Franchised
Restaurant, the existing condition of the Franchised Restaurant premises, and your choice of items to be
supplied as more particularly described in Item 6. In certain circumstances, we may offer to construct all
leasehold improvements and the cost of leasehold improvements may be reflected in the rent for the
Franchised Restaurant premises.  In those situations where we are selling a Franchised Restaurant
constructed on real estate that we or one of our affiliates own or lease, we or one of our affiliates will, in
most situations, lease the Franchised Restaurant premises directly to you, or lease the Franchised Restaurant
premises from the landlord and then sublease the premises to you.  See Item 6 for more information.
4867-0497-3970, v. 5
Item 6
03/2024