ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
You must pay us an initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  Our
standard initial franchise fee for a Traditional Drive-In location, Non-Drive-In location, and Non-
Drive Thru Only Location is currently $45,000, and our standard initial franchise fee for a Non-
Traditional Location is currently $22,500 (or $2,250 multiplied by the number of full or partial
years in the term, up to 10 years).
If, when signing the Franchise Agreement, you agree to operate a Traditional Drive-In at
the location of a SONIC® Restaurant that another franchisee previously operated and closed
within the last year, the initial franchise fee is either (1) $5,000, if you are a franchisee in good
standing; or (2) $12,500.
The initial franchise fees described here are fully earned when paid and are not refundable
under any circumstances.  During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, we charged initial
franchise fees ranging from $0 to $45,000.
Development Fee
Under the Development Agreement you must pay us a nonrefundable development fee of
$10,000 multiplied by the number of Sonic Restaurants to be developed under the Development
Schedule when you sign the Development Agreement.  We will credit $10,000 towards the
Sonic | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1602249592.4
franchise fee for each Sonic Restaurant opened under the Development Agreement.  You (or your
Controlled Affiliate) must pay us the balance of the franchise fee when you (or your Controlled
Affiliate) signs the Franchise Agreement for the Sonic Restaurant being developed.  We and you
will determine the number of Restaurants you must develop, and the dates by which you must
develop them, before signing the Development Agreement.  No portion of the development fee is
refundable under any circumstances.
Incentives
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify for the “New Restaurant Opening”
or “NRO” incentive program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to
develop 1 Traditional Drive-In. You may also qualify for the NRO incentive program if you sign
a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 2 to 4 Traditional Drive-
Ins. You may also qualify to participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive
Amendment (Exhibit C-2) to an existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to
amend your existing Development Agreement to add 1 to 4 new Traditional Drive-Ins to your
existing development schedule.
Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify for the “Deeper New
Restaurant Opening” or “Deeper NRO” incentive program if you sign a new Development
Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 5 or more Traditional Drive-Ins. You may also
qualify to participate in the Deeper NRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment
to an existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to amend your existing
Development Agreement to add 5 or more new Traditional Drive-Ins to your existing development
schedule.
Drive-Thru Only Incentive. You may qualify for the “Drive-Thru Only” incentive program
if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 1 Drive-Thru Only
Location. You may also qualify for the Drive-Thru Only incentive program if you sign a new
Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 2 or more Drive-Thru Only
Locations. You may also qualify to participate in the Drive-Thru Only incentive program if you
sign the Incentive Amendment to an existing Development Agreement on or before March 31,
2025 to amend your existing Development Agreement to add 1 to 4 new Drive-Thru Only
Locations to your existing development schedule.
Under the NRO, Deeper NRO, and Drive-Thru incentive programs, you will pay the full
initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement. Under the NRO incentive program
for the development of multiple Traditional Drive-Ins, the Drive-Thru Only incentive program for
the development of multiple Drive-Thru Only Locations, and the Deeper NRO incentive program,
you will pay the full development fee upon signing the Development Agreement, and when you
sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $10,000 of the development fee towards the initial
franchise fee, and you must pay us the remaining initial franchise fee. If you (and your affiliates)
are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when
you open the Traditional Drive-Ins or Drive-Thru Only Locations, you open the Traditional Drive-
Ins or Drive-Thru Only Locations (as applicable) in compliance with the Franchise Agreement
(and, if applicable, the Development Agreement), you submit development costs to us within 120
days of opening the Traditional Drive-Ins or Drive-Thru Only Location (as applicable) when you
Sonic | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1602249592.4
open the Restaurant, and you build the Traditional Drive-Ins or Drive-Thru Only Location (as
applicable) in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then for each new
Traditional Drive-In or Drive-Thru Only Location you agree to develop and operate plus any
existing Traditional Drive-In(s) under the development schedule that you have not yet opened and
commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives Amendment to your existing
Development Agreement, we will credit the initial franchise fee, up to $30,000, towards the
Royalty Fees owed under the Franchise Agreement, and you will pay reduced Royalties and SMF
contributions as described in Item 6.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights
and remedies (including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Development
Agreement), the NRO, Deeper NRO, and Drive-Thru Only incentive program will not apply. The
NRO, Deeper NRO, and Drive-Thru Only incentive programs do not apply to franchisees signing
new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate the
Restaurants at Non-Drive-In Locations (except Drive-Thru Only Locations) or Non-Traditional
Location, as a relocation or replacement of an existing or closed Restaurant, or as part of a transfer
or acquisition of an existing Traditional Drive-In or Drive-Thru Only Location. In the future, we
may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.
We reserve the right to reduce or waive initial franchise fees for, and to offer other special
development incentives (including incentive payments) to, one or more franchisees on a case-by-
case basis under certain circumstances. These circumstances may include providing economic
incentives for large, sophisticated restaurant operators to open multiple new Restaurants in a
development territory on an expedited basis, for existing franchisees to open additional Restaurants
or for existing franchisees to take over operating Restaurants or to reopen closed Restaurants. The
amount of any fee reductions, waivers, or development incentives depends on what we think is
best for the Sonic brand in the particular situation.
Training Fees
At least 1 full-time manager working in your Restaurant must complete the General
Manager Leadership Class training to our satisfaction no later than 60 days before your
Restaurant’s opening date.  You must pay us $200 per attendee upon registration in the General
Manager Leadership Class. No portion of the training fee is refundable under any circumstances.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a Sonic
Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due
under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement or license agreement in addition to
the initial fees described in this Item 5. If you operate a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand
Location, you may qualify for one or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If we permit you to operate a Sonic Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay
us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional or
specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand
Sonic | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1602249592.4
Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses
for any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2024.