ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES


The standard initial franchise fee is $20,000. However, we reduce the initial franchise fee
franchisees in certain circumstances, as described below in this item. If the franchise will be for a new
Restaurant, you must pay us the full franchise fee when we approve you for the franchise, unless
otherwise agreed. The initial franchise fee is non-refundable once you sign the Franchise Agreement.
Pre-opening purchases from Blue Line. If your franchise will be for a new Restaurant, in addition
to paying us the initial franchise fee, you must purchase goods from Blue Line before opening the
Restaurant. The table below summarizes the estimated cost of purchasing the required pre-opening items
from Blue Line. Every Restaurant and market is different, however, so your needs and the actual cost
may vary. Your payments for these items are non-refundable.


2024 LCE FDD
Required Items from Blue Line Before Opening
Estimated Cost
Food Products (note 1)
$8,000 - $12,000
Packaging (note 2)
$1,000 - $3,000
Supplies (note 3)
$1,000 - $3,000
Pizza Pans (note 4)
$18,000 - $23,000
Equipment (note 5)
$195,000 – $295,000
Smallwares (note 6)
$7,000 - $13,000
Graphics (note 7)
$15,000
TOTAL
$245,000 to $364,000
Notes
(1)
This category covers both proprietary and non-proprietary food products. See Item 8 for
additional details. The estimate is based on prices as of the issuance date of this disclosure
document, which are subject to change.
(2)
The estimated cost range is based on the recommended opening quantity of items such as
boxes, bags, and wraps, which are subject to change.
(3)
The estimated cost range is based on the recommended opening quantity of items such as
cleaning supplies and job helpers, which are subject to change.
(4)
You will need pizza pans in a variety of sizes and shapes.
(5)
This category includes the Caesar Vision system (see Items 6, 8 and 11) and items such as
ovens, microwaves, retarders, freezers, dough process, digital menu boards, the Pizza Portal®
equipment (which enables customers to pick up their orders without assistance from a Restaurant
employee), and mixers (new and previously owned). The estimate does not include the price of
the M.I.K.E. system (see Items 6, 8 and 11). The M.I.K.E. system is optional as of the date of this
disclosure document, but we may require franchisees to use the M.I.K.E. system in the future.
(6)
This category includes items such as spatulas, dough scrapers, pizza cutters, and cheese cups.
(7)
This category includes grand opening print advertising, various operational forms, and other
miscellaneous print material.

Franchisees who are signing a franchise agreement for the 10-year renewal term (“Renewing
Franchisees”) or signing a new franchise agreement when the full term (initial 10-year term plus 10-year
renewal term) of their original agreement comes to an end will not have pre-opening purchases, because
the Restaurant is already open. However, franchisees in these categories may have to purchase new
equipment and other items before the new contract term begins. Franchisees of Food Truck franchises
will have fewer pre-opening purchases.

Please see Item 8 for details about purchasing requirements and restrictions after the Restaurant
opens.

2024 LCE FDD

Military Veterans program. If you are an honorably discharged U.S. military veteran, we will
reduce the initial franchise fee for your first Little Caesars® Restaurant by $5,000. In addition, you will
receive a discount of $5,000 on equipment, a discount of $5,000 on your initial food order from Blue Line
for your first Restaurant, and $10,000 worth of corporate communications support, among other benefits.
For combat-disabled veterans and Gold Star families, we will waive the initial franchise fee for your first
Little Caesars® Restaurant. You will receive Blue Line discounts of $10,000 on equipment and $7,000 on
the first food order; we will provide $10,000 worth of corporate communications support; and we will make
a $10,000 donation to a veterans charity in your name.
To qualify for the Veterans program, you must have been honorably discharged, you cannot be
an existing Little Caesars® franchisee, and you may have to satisfy other prerequisites. We reserve the
right to modify or cancel the Veterans program at any time.
First Responders program. If you are a qualified “first responder” (police, fire, EMT, nurse), we
will reduce the initial franchise fee for your first Little Caesars® Restaurant by $5,000. In addition, you will
receive a discount of $5,000 on equipment and a discount of $5,000 on your initial food order from Blue
Line for your first Restaurant, as well as most of the other benefits provided under the Military Veterans
program.
Short-term incentive programs. We may offer short-term programs from time to time to incentivize
development of new Restaurants in specified geographic markets or markets with specified demographic
characteristics. These programs generally last only a few weeks, offer incentives for a limited number of
stores, and have strict deadlines for site approval. Incentives may include reduction or waiver of the initial
franchise fee, equipment credits, and/or marketing support. We will make you aware of any short-term
programs in effect when you receive this disclosure document.
Unless otherwise noted, discounts and incentive programs generally cannot be combined if you
qualify for more than one. Additional restrictions may apply. We may discontinue particular discounts or
incentives at any time without notice.
Food Trucks. The initial franchise fee for a Food Truck is $7,500. As noted in Item 1, this program
is available only to existing franchisees who have one or more Restaurants in operation.
Because of the programs described above, the initial franchise fees paid to us may not be
uniform for all franchisees receiving this offering. In our last fiscal year, we collected initial franchise fees
ranging from $0 to $20,000.
Territory Reservation Agreement

If you enter into a Territory Reservation Agreement, you must pay a Territory Reservation Fee of
$10,000 (or such lesser amount as we may determine) per Restaurant in the Development Schedule. A
Territory Reservation Agreement provides for the development of one to ten Restaurants. We mutually
determine the number of Restaurants in the Development Schedule based on the size and population of
the Reserved Territory and other factors.
We determine the timing of payment of the Territory Reservation Fee on a case-by-case basis. In
some cases we collect all or a portion of the Territory Reservation Fee when you sign the Territory
Reservation Agreement. In other cases, we defer collection. The Territory Reservation Fee is non-
refundable and is in addition to the initial franchise fee and other fees that you must pay under each
Franchise Agreement. However, if you comply with the deadline in the Development Schedule for
opening each Restaurant, we will credit $2,500 of the Territory Reservation Fee to the initial franchise fee
for that Restaurant.

2024 LCE FDD
Grand Opening Advertising and Promotion
You must pay us a fee of $15,000 for a grand opening advertising and promotion program that we
will carry out on your behalf, unless we elect to have you conduct the program yourself (in which case you
must spend a minimum of $15,000). The grand opening advertising and promotion program will take
place within close proximity to the Restaurant opening, on a schedule we determine. If we elect to carry
out the program on your behalf, we will have complete discretion on how and when to make expenditures.
Components of the program may include direct mail advertising, newspaper advertising, digital and social
media advertising, radio advertising, promotional events, promotions, public relations events, use of
discount coupons, or any other activities we determine will contribute to generating business at the
Restaurant.
Offer Letter
We may charge you a fee to acquire our pre-existing right to purchase an existing franchised
Restaurant. This fee is in addition to the purchase price you pay the seller and any other fees described
in this Item. There is no standard amount for this fee; it would be determined by negotiation with you. We
did not collect any such fees in our last fiscal year.


2024 LCE FDD