ITEM 5.
INITIAL FEES
The chart below lists the current development fees payable under the Development Agreement
and the current initial franchise fees payable under the Franchise Agreement, based on our
current incentive programs.  Except as otherwise stated, these programs are currently available
through March 31, 2024, but we may add to, eliminate or change any of these programs in the
future in our sole judgment.  You must sign a Development Agreement regardless of the number
of Arby’s Restaurants you commit to develop, and you must also sign a Franchise Agreement for
each Arby’s Restaurant that you open.  The development fees and franchise fees described here
are uniform, are fully earned when paid and are not refundable under any circumstances.
You must pay us the development fee when you sign the Development Agreement.  We do not
apply the development fee towards any initial franchise fees or other fees you pay under
Franchise Agreements.  You must sign the Franchise Agreement for each Arby’s Restaurant that
the Development Agreement covers, and pay us the initial franchise fee (if any is due), on the
earlier of 90 calendar days before the Restaurant’s opening or when you start construction of the
Restaurant.
Franchise Offers
Non-Refundable
Development Fee
per Restaurant
Non-Refundable
Franchise Fee per
Restaurant
Standard Traditional Restaurant
$12,500
$37,500
Non-Traditional Restaurant
$0
$18,750
Proximity Incentive Program (“PIP”)
$12,500
$37,500
New Restaurant Opening Incentive (“NRO”)
$12,500
$0
Deeper NRO
$12,500
$0
Select Developing Markets
$12,500
$0
The fees for a standard Traditional Restaurant apply under Development Agreements and
Franchise Agreements when no other incentive programs apply to the agreements.
All Franchise Agreements that the Development Agreement covers will contain generally the
same terms and conditions as we are then offering to other franchisees similarly situated at the
time of issuance, including those pertaining to the duration of the Franchise Agreement.  However,
Arby’s 2024 FDD
1601869347.4
if you fully comply with the Development Agreement, the royalty fee payable under each
Franchise Agreement will reflect the royalty fee described in Item 6.
There is no development fee when you sign a Development Agreement for a Non-Traditional
Restaurant, but you must pay the initial franchise fee for a Non-Traditional Restaurant when you
sign the Franchise Agreement.
The “Proximity Incentive Program,” or “PIP,” is designed to encourage franchisees to seek out
development opportunities in markets in which they already operate by providing financial benefits
to operators who develop Traditional Restaurants within 2.5 miles of existing Traditional
Restaurants.  Franchisees who own a “Qualified Existing Arby’s Restaurant” (as defined below)
and are in compliance with all of their agreements with us and any other obligation or policy of
ours can participate in the program and build a “Qualified Site” (as defined below).  A “Qualified
Existing Arby’s Restaurant” is either a Traditional Restaurant prototype building/structure or
conversion, a Traditional Restaurant travel plaza/truck stop/convenience store combo, or an end
cap/strip center location with a drive-thru. A “Qualified Site” is a site for a new Traditional
Restaurant prototype building/structure or conversion, or a Traditional Restaurant travel
plaza/truck stop/convenience store combo, or an end cap/strip center location.  Non-Traditional
Restaurant locations and certain other locations are excluded from the PIP and therefore may not
participate or have the opportunity to object to a new site.  The locations excluded from the PIP
are:  inline, malls, college and university campus locations and other similar institutional type
facilities, hospitals, toll plazas, military bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special
location activity centers, such as sports arenas, and sovereign nations.  Also, transfers of
locations (relocations) are excluded from the PIP.
If you wish to participate in the PIP, you must sign a Development Agreement requiring you to
open a Qualified Site within a 2.5-mile radius of one of your Qualified Existing Arby’s Restaurants
within 12 months.  You must pay us a $12,500 development fee upon signing that Development
Agreement and a $37,500 initial franchise fee upon signing the Franchise Agreement, which you
must do before the earlier of either 90 calendar days before the opening or upon the
commencement of construction of the Qualified Site.  The PIP may not be available if unique
proximity situations occur with a nearby operating Arby’s Restaurant.  We reserve the right to
change the PIP in the future in our sole judgment.
Incentives
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. The New Restaurant Opening (“NRO”) incentive program is
designed to increase the penetration and presence of the Arby’s brand. You may qualify to
participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before
March 31, 2025 to develop 1 or more new Traditional Restaurants.  You may also qualify to
participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before
March 31, 2025 to re-open 1 or more Traditional Restaurants at a site we approve, and as of the
date the Development Agreement is signed, the Traditional Restaurant that you wish to re-open
was permanently closed for at least 366 calendar days.  You may qualify to participate in the NRO
incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment to an existing Development Agreement
(see Exhibit C-1) on or before March 31, 2025 to amend your existing Development Agreement
to add 1 or more new Traditional Restaurants to your existing development schedule.
Deeper NRO Incentive. The “Deeper NRO” incentive program is designed to provide additional
incentives to those franchisees who desire to develop 5 or more new Traditional Restaurants.
You may qualify to participate in the Deeper NRO incentive program if you sign a new
Arby’s 2024 FDD
1601869347.4
Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 5 or more new Traditional
Restaurants.  You may also qualify to participate in the Deeper NRO incentive program if you sign
the Incentive Amendment to an existing Development Agreement (see Exhibit C-1) on or before
March 31, 2025 to amend your existing Development Agreement to add 5 or more new Traditional
Restaurants to your existing development schedule.
Select Developing Markets Incentive. The “Select Developing Markets” or “SDM” incentive
program is designed to increase the penetration and presence of the Arby’s brand is specific
areas of the United States. You may qualify to participate in the Select Developing Markets
incentive program if you sign a new Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to
develop 1 or more new Traditional Restaurants located within the Select Developing Markets.
You may also qualify to participate in the SDM incentive program if you sign a new Development
Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to re-open 1 or more Traditional Restaurants at a site
we approve and located within the Select Developing Markets, and as of the date the
Development Agreement is signed, the Traditional Restaurant that you wish to re-open was
permanently closed for at least 366 calendar days. You may also qualify to participate in the
Select Developing Markets incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment to an existing
Development Agreement (see Exhibit C-1) on or before March 31, 2025 to amend your existing
Development Agreement to add 1 or more new Traditional Restaurants to your existing
development schedule.
The “Select Developing Markets” include Bakersfield, CA; Chico-Redding, CA; Eureka, CA;
Fresno-Visalia, CA; Los Angeles, CA; Monterey-Salinas, CA; Palm Springs, CA; Sacramento-
Stockton-Modesto, CA; San Diego, CA; San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose, CA; Santa Barbara-
Santa Maria-San Luis Obispo, CA; Yuma AZ-El Centro, CA; Hartford & New Haven, CT;
Washington, DC/Hagerstown, MD; Miami-Ft. Lauderdale, FL; Tampa-St. Petersburg (Sarasota),
FL; Jacksonville, FL; Ft. Myers-Naples, FL; West Palm Beach-Fort Pierce, FL; Tallahassee, FL;
Thomasville, GA; Honolulu, HI; Chicago, IL; Lafayette, LA; Lake Charles, LA; New Orleans, LA;
Boston, MA/Manchester, NH; Springfield-Holyoke, MA; Bangor, ME; Portland-Auburn, ME;
Presque Isle, ME; Albany-Schenectady-Troy, NY; New York, NY; Rochester, NY; Syracuse, NY;
Portland, OR; Philadelphia, PA; Providence, RI/New Bedford, MA; Abilene-Sweetwater, TX;
Austin, TX; Corpus Christi, TX; Harlingen-Weslaco-Brownsville-Mcallen, TX; Houston, TX;
Laredo, TX; Odessa-Midland, TX; Tyler-Longview (Lufkin & Nacogdoches), TX; Waco-Temple-
Bryan, TX; San Antonio, TX; and Burlington, VT/Plattsburg, NY.
Under the NRO, Deeper NRO, and Select Developing Markets incentive programs you must pay
us a development fee of $12,500 for each new Traditional Restaurant you agree to develop when
you sign the new Development Agreement or amendment to the existing Development
Agreement. If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement
between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open or re-open the Traditional Restaurant, you
open or re-open the Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the Development Agreement
(including the Development Schedule), you submit development costs to us within 120 days of
opening the Traditional Restaurant, and you build the Traditional Restaurant in the design, to the
specifications, and at the location we approve, then under the NRO, Deeper NRO and Select
Developing Markets incentive programs, for each new Traditional Restaurant you agree to
develop and operate plus any existing Traditional Restaurant(s) under the development schedule
that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives
Amendment to your existing Development Agreement, we will waive the initial franchise fee and
you will pay reduced royalty fees and Advertising and Marketing Service Fees, as described in
Item 6.
Arby’s 2024 FDD
1601869347.4
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then the NRO, Deeper NRO, and/or Select
Developing Markets incentive program(s) will not apply to the Traditional Restaurant(s). The NRO,
Deeper NRO, and Select Developing Markets incentive programs do not apply to franchisees
signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate
the Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, as a relocation or replacement of an existing or
closed Restaurant (except as described above), or as part of a transfer or acquisition of an existing
Restaurant.
Remodel Incentive. The “Remodel Incentive” program is designed to encourage franchisees to
remodel their Traditional Restaurants early. You may qualify for the Remodel Incentive program
if you commence and complete the remodel of the Traditional Restaurant under our standards at
least 3 months before the term of your existing Franchise Agreement will expire. If you (and your
affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and
us (including the existing Franchise Agreement) when you open or re-open the Restaurant, you
submit all remodel/development costs to us within 120 days after the completion of the remodel
of the Traditional Restaurant, and you remodel the Traditional Restaurant in the design and to the
specifications we approve, then when you sign the renewal Franchise Agreement we will waive
the Renewal Fee and you will pay reduced royalty fees as described in Item 6. If you fail to satisfy
these conditions, then the Remodel Incentive will not apply to the Traditional Restaurant.
Relocation Incentive. The “Relocation Incentive” program is designed to encourage franchisees
to relocate their Traditional Restaurant to a better location. You may qualify for the Relocation
Incentive program if you relocate your Traditional Restaurant in compliance with the terms of your
existing Franchise Agreement and our Standards, keep the original Traditional Restaurant open
until the relocated Restaurant opens and commences operations, and you open the relocated
Traditional Restaurant on or before December 31, 2026. If you (and your affiliates) are in
substantial compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us (including
the Franchise Agreement related to the relocating Traditional Restaurant) when you open or re-
open the Restaurant, you submit all development costs to us within 120 days after the completion
of the remodel of the Traditional Restaurant, and you develop and re-open the relocated
Traditional Restaurant in the design and to the specifications we approve, then we will waive the
Development Fee, initial franchise fee, and any other initial fees related to the relocated
Traditional Restaurant, and you will pay reduced royalty fees as described in Item 6. If you fail to
satisfy these conditions, then the Relocation Incentive will not apply to the relocated Traditional
Restaurant.
In the future, we may modify or eliminate any of our incentive programs.
Training
We provide initial training to you and your personnel when you sign the Franchise Agreement and
before you begin operating the Restaurant.  Currently you must at all times employ 3 managers
for your first and second Restaurants (6 total) who have completed the Management Training
Program (“MTP”) Learning Path, or a comparable training program we approve, at a Nationally
Certified Training Restaurant (“NCTR”).  For all of your subsequent Arby’s Restaurants, you must
at all times employ one manager for each Restaurant who has completed MTP Learning Path at
an NCTR.  The current fee for this training $2,100 per attendee, but we waive the training fee for
3 managers in your first Restaurant and one manager in your second Restaurant.  You must pay
the nonrefundable and uniform training fee for all your other attendees, and you pay your trainees’
expenses.  We estimate that your training fees will range from $0 to $6,300.
Arby’s 2024 FDD
1601869347.4
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate an Arby’s
Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due
under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial fees
described in this Item. If you operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may
qualify for one or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If we permit you to operate an Arby’s Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay us any
training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional or
specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand
Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional expenses
for any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2024.