ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES


Applicant’s Fee.  You may be required to pay a nonrefundable applicant’s fee of $15,000.  The
applicant’s fee may be waived or reduced if the applicant is an existing System franchisee or Restaurant
operator.

Franchise Fee Deposit.  At the time you sign a Development Agreement, you must pay us a deposit on
the franchise fees to be incurred under the Development Agreement.  The franchise fee deposit amount required
equals $10,000 for each of the Restaurants you will develop during the “initial development periods.”  We
allocate the franchise fee deposit equally toward the $35,000 franchise fee due for each Restaurant you open
during the initial development periods of the Development Agreement, provided you open such Restaurants
on a timely basis. (Development Agreement, Section 4.1)

Initial Franchise Fee.  You must pay an initial franchise fee of $35,000 for each Restaurant you open
during the initial development periods of the Development Agreement.  As noted above, we allocate the
franchise fee deposit equally toward the $35,000 initial franchise fee due for each Restaurant you open during
the initial development periods of the Development Agreement, provided you open such Restaurants on a
timely basis.  If there is a transfer of one or more Restaurants between one franchisee to another franchisee,
we may reduce, defer, and/or waive the initial franchise fee when the selling franchisee has a term left on its
existing franchise agreement(s), although we may require payment of transfer fees.  The initial franchise fee
for each Restaurant opened during a subsequent development period of the Development Agreement will equal
the standard Restaurant initial franchise fee in effect at the time the respective Franchise Agreement is issued.
You must pay the balance of the initial franchise fee for each of the Restaurants as follows: one-half when you
sign the Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant and the remaining balance 14 days before you are scheduled
to open the Restaurant.


Range and Timing of Payment of Initial Fees.  During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, we
did not charge any applicant’s fees.


Except as stated above, the initial fees are the same for all franchisees subject to this offering and are
nonrefundable.