ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
All of the fees in this Item 5 are the same for all Chili’s Restaurants unless otherwise specified.
Initial Development Fee:
When you sign a Development Agreement for more than 1 restaurant, you must pay us a
nonrefundable development fee. The development fee will be determined by mutual agreement before you
sign the Development Agreement and is based on the size of the territory, the number of restaurants to be
developed, demographic data and trends like density and growth rates, and other variable conditions.  The
development fee could range from $40,000 to $500,000, depending on the conditions stated above. For our

FDD-2023
409932124-v3\NA_DMS




fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, development fees were generally $20,000 per Restaurant to be developed
under the Development Agreement. The development fee is determined uniformly but is not uniform for
all franchisees due to the variable conditions stated above.
Initial Franchise Fee:
(1)
If you are developing only 1 Chili’s Restaurant, when you sign the Franchise Agreement,
you will pay us an initial franchise fee of $60,000.
(2)
If you enter into a Development Agreement with us, at or before the date on which you
begin construction of a Chili’s Restaurant, you must pay us an initial franchise fee of $40,000. We may
reduce or waive the initial franchise fee under certain circumstances in our sole discretion.
The initial franchise fee is nonrefundable except in the following circumstances:
(1)
If you entered into a Development Agreement, and if you are in compliance with the
Development Agreement and all other agreements with us and you open your Chili’s Restaurants at least
90 days before the opening dates set forth in the Development Schedule, you will be entitled to a $10,000
credit against the initial franchise fee, which we may directly pay to you or apply as a monthly credit against
your royalty fee and/or technical services fee.
(2)
If you fail to secure the required liquor licenses by the date the Restaurant is otherwise
ready (and/or required) to open for business, then we may terminate the Franchise Agreement on 10 days
prior written notice. If we do, we will refund your initial franchise fee (without interest), less any expenses
and/or damages we have incurred.
Except as described above, we are not obligated to return any portion of the initial franchise fee if
the Franchise Agreement is terminated by you or us for any reason.
Initial Training Fee:
If the opening date of your Restaurant is moved after your personnel have completed initial training,
we may require your personnel to repeat our initial training program. If we do, you must pay us a training
fee at our then-current rates (currently, $4,000 per trainee), as well as paying the expenses of your personnel.
We may also require you to pay a training fee if we train the Managing Owner, Operating Partner, and/or
managers for your third and subsequent Restaurants or any replacements. All training costs are
nonrefundable. Training fees and costs are determined uniformly but may vary among franchisees based
on the circumstances described in this paragraph.
Construction/Design Evaluation and Market Data:
We will provide you 1 construction/design evaluation of your first Restaurant or the first Chili’s
Special Venue at no charge. If you request additional evaluation for your first Restaurant, or if we initiate
additional evaluation for your first Restaurant because of reasonable concerns with your
construction/design process, and we perform such additional evaluation, you must reimburse us our
reasonable expenses, including the cost of travel, lodging, and meals for each such evaluation visit. If we
perform additional evaluation for reasons not related to our reasonable concerns with your
construction/design process, we will bear the costs of such evaluation. You must also reimburse us our
reasonable expenses, including the cost of travel, lodging, and meals for all construction/design evaluations
that we perform for your second or subsequent Restaurants, if you develop more than one Restaurant. Our
costs for construction/design evaluations vary depending on the amount of time and personnel utilized in
the actual evaluation. During our last fiscal year, construction/design evaluation costs ranged from $0 to
$2,500.
We may also choose to make available to you at a reasonable cost reports containing demographic
and market data and real estate analyses.  In determining the cost for these reports, we take into account the
nature, type, and amount of information requested as well as the administrative time necessary to organize

FDD-2023
409932124-v3\NA_DMS




the information and third party resources.  Each report costs between $0 to $2,500, which would be payable
to a third party.