ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
This section describes payments you must make to us or our affiliates before
your business opens.
Initial Franchise Fee
When you sign the Franchise Agreement, you must pay the Company an Initial
Franchise Fee.  The Initial Franchise Fee is typically $50,000 for each franchised
restaurant, plus any tax or other fee imposed upon the Company due to the collection of
the Initial Franchise Fee.  If your franchise term is for less than the standard 20 years,
the Initial Franchise Fee is $2,500 for each year or partial year exceeding six months.  If
you will be operating at a nontraditional location, the Initial Franchise Fee is $25,000 for
each unit, plus any taxes and fees imposed on the Company due to collection of the
Initial Franchise Fee.  The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned on the date it is received
by the Company, and is nonrefundable.
We may reduce the Initial Franchise Fee or accept installment payments.  In the
past, we have done this for:  (i) sales of existing Company-owned restaurants with
restaurant sales significantly below system average and/or with an unusual history of
business or management problems; (ii) special incentive programs, which are offered at
the discretion of, and subject to such restrictions as may be imposed by, the Company;
(iii) settlement of disputes; and (iv) the reopening of certain closed sites or the approved
relocation of a franchise (although you have no right to relocate your franchise, and
approval of such requests is rare).  During the past fiscal year, the Company collected
Initial Franchise Fees ranging from $0 to $50,000, excluding any franchises for which
the fee was waived pursuant to our previous Development Incentive Program
(discussed below), or otherwise.
Development Fee
If you sign a Single Unit Development Agreement with us, it will give you the right
to construct one (1) Jack in the Box restaurant. The development fee for this agreement
is $50,000, which is non-refundable and if you are in full compliance with the Single Unit
Development Agreement and any other agreements with us, we will credit towards the
Initial Franchise Fee for the restaurant.

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, we grant you the right to
construct an agreed-upon number of Jack in the Box restaurants in a specified
geographic area. The minimum number of restaurants that can be developed under a
Multi-Unit Development Agreement is two (2). If you are a new developer / franchisee to
our System, when you sign the Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you must pay us a
non-refundable Development Fee, calculated as follows:  (a) $50,000 for the first new
restaurant; and (b) $10,000 for each additional new restaurant.  If you are an existing
developer / franchisee with our System, when you sign the Multi-Unit Development
Agreement, you must pay us a non-refundable Development Fee equal to $10,000 for
each new restaurant. If you are in full compliance with the Multi-Unit Development
Agreement and any other agreements with us, we will credit the portion of the
Development Fee for the particular restaurant towards the Initial Franchise Fee for that
restaurant. The Franchise Fee for each particular restaurant is due when you sign the
required Franchise Agreement.  During the past fiscal year, the Company collected
Development Fees ranging from $0 to $50,000.
Development Incentive Program
We offer an incentive to qualified developers. Under our current Development
Incentive Program, if you sign a Development Agreement for a minimum of three (3)
restaurants to be developed and opened under the development schedule during the
time frames specified in the Development Agreement, and certain other requirements
are met, you may be eligible for one the following incentive options, at our sole
discretion:
OPTION A: If you open the Restaurant on or before the required date in the
development schedule, the Royalty (which is currently 5% of Gross Sales) will be
reduced to: (i) 1% of Gross Sales for the first year; (ii) 2% of Gross Sales for the
second year; (iii) 3% of Gross Sales for the third year; (iv) 4% of Gross Sales for
the fourth year; and (v) 5% of Gross Sales for all subsequent years.
OPTION B: If you open the Restaurant on or before the required date in the
development schedule, we will loan you $150,000 at 0% interest to be used
solely for development costs associated with that restaurant. The loan will be
repaid by crediting 100% of the royalty payments for that restaurant otherwise
due until the loan is paid in full (i.e., payments will be made by crediting the
appropriate portion of royalty payments toward the principal balance
outstanding).  If the particular restaurant is sold or permanently closed and the
loan has not been fully repaid, the remaining principal balance is due in full.
If you close a restaurant and then open a replacement restaurant, it will not be
eligible for these incentives.  The Company may discontinue or modify this
Development Incentive Program at any time.

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
New Prospect Referral Programs
Under our referral programs, we may pay an amount to the person that
introduces a new prospective franchisee to us.  This payment is only made if certain
criteria established by us are met, including without limitation: (a) we approve the new
prospective franchisee; and (b) we and the new prospective franchisee sign a
Development Agreement by no later than six months after the initial referral is made.
The amount of the referral payment is: (i) $10,000 for an introduction made by an
existing individual franchisee or an owner of an existing franchisee entity, and (ii) $1,000
for any other person who makes an introduction of a prospective franchisee. Referral
fees are only paid one time, regardless of the number of agreements signed. The
Company may modify or discontinue this program at any time.
Veterans Program
We participate in the International Franchise Association’s Veterans Transition
Franchise Initiative (“VetFran”) to provide franchise opportunities to qualifying veterans.
Our VetFran incentive is called the Jack in the Box Veterans Program (“Veterans
Program”). Under the Veterans Program, we reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for the
first new Restaurant by 25%, or $12,500.  Accordingly, the Initial Franchise Fee paid to
us is $37,500.  This incentive may not be combined with any other incentive program.
To qualify for the Veterans Program, a prospective franchisee must: request the
Veterans Program at the time of application; meet our then-current qualifications for
new franchisees; be at least 51% legally and beneficially owned by persons meeting our
qualifying veteran status; not have previously received a similar incentive from us. The
Company may discontinue or modify this Veterans Program at any time.
Extension of Development Schedule
If you have signed a Development Agreement and you will not be able to timely
meet your Development Schedule, provided that you are in full compliance with all
agreements with us, you may, by providing us six months’ advance written notice,
request a twelve-month extension of one or more of the development deadlines in the
development schedule.  Each such development deadline under a Development
Agreement may be extended one time only, and for each deadline that is extended, you
must pay us a fee calculated as follows:  $5,000 times the number of development
deadlines that you wish to extend for twelve months (“Extension Fee”).  The Extension
Fee is due and payable no later than ten (10) days prior to the initial development
deadline that is being extended.  This fee is earned upon receipt, is non-refundable, and
may be credited against other fees due to us.  You will be required to sign an
amendment to the Development Agreement to reflect these terms and that amendment
will include a general release in our favor.
Technology Installation Fees
Before your restaurant opens, you must have certain technology systems in
place.  We will require that you sign a Master Technology Agreement (“MTA”, Exhibit N)

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
covering certain technology-related services required in the operation of your
restaurant, and pay certain fees as set forth in that agreement.  You will pay us $8,100
(in most cases) for installation of the point-of-sale (“POS”) system and $1,875 (in most
cases) for project management and software configuration fees for that installation (the
fees may be higher if work is requested to be completed during non-business hours,
weekends, or holidays, or if there is a request to expedite or reschedule/cancel).
The table below shows the initial fees you must pay to us or our affiliates for
those services.  All fees are subject to change.  We are considering revising our
technology requirements, and details will be disclosed when finalized.
Description of
Charge*
Fee
Type of
Charge
Contract Comments
POS Software
license fee
$1,000
per site
MTA
One-time software
license fee.
Taxes/Freight
varies
per
equipment/
services
As
specified
in each
contract.
Taxes may apply on
any of the above-
related fees, as
required by taxing
authorities, and are in
addition to the fees
stated.
* All fees are net of any taxes
The fees described above defray some, but not all, of the Company’s costs
associated with developing or implementing new software solutions, obtaining software
licenses and providing technology-related services.  The Company periodically reviews
its cost structure and the fair market value of the software and services provided, and
increases or decreases fees as it deems appropriate.  Any fee increase will be
communicated thirty (30) days before the effective date of the fee increase.
If you purchase or develop a new restaurant, you will need to purchase from us
and pay us to install certain IT equipment, including but not limited to a computer, web-
based mobile training device (you may purchase your own upon request), POS System,
kitchen display equipment, PCI-DSS compliant payment systems, speed of service
equipment, network infrastructure equipment, and order confirmation system.  The
approximate cost for the purchase and installation of such equipment currently ranges
from $45,000 to $60,000.  If you purchase an existing operating restaurant, you may
also be required to purchase and install some of this equipment if it is outdated, not in
working order, or not already installed.
Beginning mid-fiscal year 2024, we are transitioning to a new POS system which
must be purchased directly from the approved supplier.

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
Additional Fees for Sites to be Developed
If you are building a restaurant and would like to locate it within fifteen (15) miles
of an existing Jack in the Box restaurant, you (or the already existing franchisee) may
be required to pay for a Trade Area Survey Analysis to be conducted with respect to
each existing restaurant within that radius to estimate potential impact on sales at each
such restaurant.  The cost of a Trade Area Survey Analysis can range from $4,500 to
$7,500, plus all expenses, which may vary considerably. We collect this fee to
reimburse the Company for the cost it pays to the third-party company that conducts the
Trade Area Survey Analysis.  Depending on the level of sales transfer from the existing
restaurants to the new restaurant predicted by the Trade Area Survey Analysis, the
Company may decline or permit (subject to conditions) you to proceed with your request
to develop the new restaurant.
If you want to develop a site that we are already in the process of acquiring or
developing, you will be required to pay certain fees relating to the site.  If you want to
develop a site that cannot legally be assigned to you with a release of our obligations,
we may sublease the site to you.  You will be required to reimburse us for all internal
overhead or other charges we have incurred in developing the site, including any
training costs associated with preparing the site for opening.  Those costs will vary
considerably based upon time expended by us and the nature of the development
services in which we engaged.  Due to the numerous variables in these situations, we
cannot provide an estimate for these costs.
In some circumstances, we may offer certain site development services.  If we
provide site development services, you will be required to pay us a fee of up to $50,000
for work we complete toward developing the site.  The amount of the fee will vary
depending upon (i) the stage of development the site was in when it was turned over to
you, (ii) whether we or you develop the site, and (iii) what services we provide to you
during the development process.  In addition to this fee, you must also pay for our out-
of-pocket costs and other expenses and our internal overhead or other charges we
incurred in connection with the acquisition, investigation and development of the site.
Due to the numerous variables in these situations, we cannot provide an estimate for
these costs.  None of the costs and fees associated with Company-initiated sites are
refundable.


FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants