ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Area Development Agreement
If you are signing an Area Development Agreement, you must develop at least 5 BWW-
GO Restaurants in the Development Territory.  You must pay us a development fee when you sign
the Area Development Agreement.  The development fee is $15,000 multiplied by the number of
BWW-GO Restaurants you agree to develop on the Development Schedule.  The development fee
is consideration for our signing the Area Development Agreement and not consideration for any
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
Franchise Agreement, is based on a uniform calculation and is not refundable under any
circumstances.
At the time you sign the Area Development Agreement, you must decide whether each
Franchise Agreement signed pursuant to the Area Development Agreement will have either one
10-year term with one 10-year renewal option, or one 20-year term with no renewal option.
We may permit you to develop fewer than 5 BWW-GO Restaurants in certain markets that
we periodically designate.
Franchise Agreement
You must pay an us an initial franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
If you are signing a Franchise Agreement that is not covered by an Area Development
Agreement, then you must pay us a $30,000 initial franchise fee when you sign that Franchise
Agreement.
If you are signing a Franchise Agreement that is covered by an Area Development
Agreement, and each Franchise Agreement will have one 10-year term with one 10-year renewal
option, then the initial franchise fee under each Franchise Agreement will be $30,000. When you
or your Developer Subsidiary signs each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $15,000 of the
development fee towards the initial franchise fee, and you or your Developer Subsidiary must pay
us the remaining $15,000 of the initial franchise fee.
If you are signing a Franchise Agreement that is covered by an Area Development
Agreement, and each Franchise Agreement will have one 20-year term with no renewal option,
then the initial franchise fee under each Franchise Agreement will be $45,000. When you or your
Developer Subsidiary signs each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $15,000 of the development
fee towards the initial franchise fee, and you or your Developer Subsidiary must pay us the
remaining $30,000 of the initial franchise fee.
We will use the initial franchise fees in part to cover some of our costs associated with your
opening a BWW-GO Restaurant, including opening assistance, legal fees and general overhead.
The initial franchise fees are uniform and not refundable under any circumstance.
Your Control Person (defined in Item 15) and Unit General Manager (defined in Item 15),
and if applicable your Multi-Unit Operations Manager (defined in Item 15), must attend and
complete our initial training program to our satisfaction before you open the Restaurant for
business.  If the Restaurant is the first or second BWW-GO Restaurant that you or your affiliates
operate, we will provide the initial training program to your Control Person, Unit General
Manager, and any additional Restaurant personnel whom we approve, and you must pay our then
current training fee (currently $2,500) for each additional person who attends our initial training
program.  If the Restaurant is the third or subsequent BWW-GO Restaurant that you or your
affiliates operate, then you (or your affiliate) must provide the initial training program to your
Control Person and Unit General Manager at your (or its) National Certified Training Restaurant,
or “NCTR,” according to our standards and requirements.  If the Restaurant is the third or
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
subsequent BWW-GO Restaurant that your or your affiliates operate and you or your affiliate does
not then have an NCTR, or if we otherwise provide the initial training program for any Restaurant
personnel, then you must pay our then current training fee (currently $5,000) for each person.  We
describe this training program and NCTR requirements in more detail in Item 11.
You also must spend $15,000 on certain advertising and public relations activities when
opening your Restaurant.  We may (at our option) collect and administer these funds on your
behalf.  This amount is uniform.  We currently have a program that we describe in Item 11 to
reimburse you for some or all of these costs.
Additionally, you must reimburse us for the travel expenses and prorated salaries for any
“Opening Team” member(s) to travel to your Restaurant and provide you on-site new restaurant
opening training before you open your Restaurant. If this is your first or second BWW-GO
Restaurant, we will send one individual to your Restaurant to conduct the onsite training. We will
send you an invoice within 30 days after the Restaurant’s opening date, and you must pay the
invoice within 10 days after receiving it.  We anticipate your nonrefundable payment for the
Opening Team’s fees and expenses will range from $0 to $15,000.
Non-Traditional Rider
If you sign a Franchise Agreement to develop a BWW-GO Restaurant at a Non-Traditional
Location, then you must pay us a pro-rated amount of the $15,000 initial franchise fee ($1,500
multiplied by the number of full or partial years in the term, up to 10 years) depending on the pro-
rated term granted to you under the Franchise Agreement when you sign the Franchise Agreement
and Non-Traditional Rider.  We will use the initial franchise fees in part to cover some of our costs
associated with your opening a BWW-GO Restaurant, including opening assistance, legal fees and
general overhead.  The initial franchise fees are uniform and not refundable under any
circumstance.
Multi-Brand Addendum
If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a BWW-
GO Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees
due under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial fees
described in this Item. If you operate a BWW-GO Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may
qualify for one or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If we permit you to operate a BWW-GO Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you must
pay us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any additional
or specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-Brand
Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur additional expenses for
any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2024.
Incentive Programs
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify to participate in the “New Restaurant
Opening” or “NRO” incentive program if you sign a new Area Development Agreement on or
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
before March 31, 2025 to develop 5 or more BWW-GO Restaurants.  You may also qualify to
participate in the NRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment (Exhibit D-1) to
an existing Area Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to amend your existing
Area Development Agreement to add 5 or more new BWW-GO Restaurants to your existing
development schedule.
Under the NRO incentive program, you will pay the full development fee upon signing the
Area Development Agreement, and when you or your Developer Subsidiary signs each Franchise
Agreement, we will apply $15,000 of the development fee towards the initial franchise fee, and
you or your Developer Subsidiary must pay us the remaining initial franchise fee amount that is
due under the Franchise Agreement (either $15,000 if the term of the agreement is 10 years or
$30,000 if the term of the agreement is 20 years). If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial
compliance with each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the
Restaurants, you open the Restaurants in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (and, if
applicable, the Area Development Agreement) when you open the Restaurant, submit all
development costs to us within 120 days of opening the BWW-GO Restaurants, and you build the
BWW-GO Restaurants in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then for
each new BWW-GO Restaurant you agree to develop and operate plus any existing Restaurant(s)
under the development schedule that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of
the date you sign the Incentives Amendment to your existing Area Development Agreement, we
will credit the initial franchise fee you paid, along with the portion of the development fee that we
credited towards that initial franchise fee, up to $30,000, towards the Royalty Fees owed under the