ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Except as discussed below, you will pay a lump-sum nonrefundable Initial Franchise Fee
of $20,000 when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by
us when you sign the Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is uniform and non-
refundable and is not credited against any other obligation you have to us.  All initial fees are the
same for both initial and conversion franchises.
If you acquire rights under our Area Development program, you will pay an Area
Development Fee equal to $10,000 per location to be developed under the Area Development
Agreement when you sign the Area Development Agreement.  The Area Development Fee is fully
earned by us when you sign the Area Development Agreement.  The Area Development Fee is
uniform and non-refundable and is not credited against any other obligation you have to us. We
are currently waiving Initial Franchise Fees for Franchise Agreements issued under Area
Development Agreements. We may terminate this policy at any time, and if we do, you will pay
the then-current Initial Franchise Fee. You must commit to opening one or more PLANET
FITNESS locations as a condition of acquiring area development rights, either yourself or through
one or more entities in which you own 51% or more interest.
We may require you to reimburse us for our reasonable expenses, including the costs of
travel, lodging and food, incurred in site evaluation for each visit we make at your request.  We
estimate our reasonable expenses related to site selection will be between $0 and $10,000.  If we
require you to pay these expenses, the amounts are nonrefundable.
We encourage you to use our designated architects to prepare all architectural plans and
drawings (together with project management plans, the “Construction Development Plans”) for
your PLANET FITNESS location.  You must submit all Construction Development Plans,
including design specifications, to us for our written approval before starting to develop the
location.  If you do not use our designated architects to prepare all architectural plans and drawings
for the location, you must pay us a $4,000 Construction Development Plan review fee at the time
that you submit the Construction Development Plans for our approval.  The Construction
Development Plan review fee is nonrefundable.
You currently must purchase fitness equipment from our affiliate PF Equipment before
opening your location.  If you finance the purchase of that equipment, we estimate the cost of a
down payment typically to be 10 – 30% of the total amount financed; the down payment typically
ranges between approximately $43,000 and $318,000.  We estimate the cost to purchase equipment
before opening will range from $425,000 and $1,059,000. The equipment finance and purchase
costs are nonrefundable.
Our affiliates may sell and we may franchise a company-owned PLANET FITNESS
location.  In these transactions, our affiliate will negotiate with the prospective franchisee to reach
mutually acceptable terms of a sale agreement and any lease or sublease of the real estate.
Depending on the circumstances, the financial and other terms may vary from the standard terms
of our Franchise Agreement.
FDD – June 2024
PLANET FITNESS®