ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Franchise Agreement
Initial Franchise Fee. KFCLLC charges an initial franchise fee of $45,000.  The initial franchise
fee is in consideration of KFCLLC providing you the right to develop an Outlet. You must pay the initial
franchise fee in two parts: (i) the Deposit Fee; and (ii) the Option Fee. Additional payment terms and
conditions of the Deposit Fee and Option Fee are both described below.
Deposit Fee: You will pay KFCLLC $20,000 upon signing the Deposit Agreement (the “Deposit
Fee”).  If KFCLLC does not approve the proposed site and terminates the Deposit Agreement, you will be
refunded the Deposit Fee less any applicable Impact Study Fees (as defined below), provided you execute
a general release agreement on a form KFCLLC approves.  KFCLLC’s Impact Study (as defined in Item
11) guidelines allow certain Existing Franchisees (as defined in Item 11) to request an Impact Study on
Existing Franchisees’ sites.  KFCLLC charges $6,000 to conduct the Impact Study (the “Impact Study
Fee”), and if the proposed site is denied as a result of the Impact Study, KFCLLC may subtract the Impact
Study Fee from your $20,000 deposit.   If you are charged the Impact Study Fee, it is not refundable under
any circumstances and is payable upon signing the Deposit Agreement.  Unless otherwise indicated above,
you will not receive a refund of the Deposit Fee under any circumstance.
Option Fee: You will pay KFCLLC $25,000 upon signing the Option Agreement (the “Option
Fee”) in consideration of KFCLLC granting you the Option (as defined in Item 11) to build the Outlet. If
the Option Agreement terminates as a result of a bona fide zoning or building restriction beyond your
control, KFCLLC will refund $22,500 of the Option Fee upon your execution of a general release in the
KFC US, LLC
2024_03 FDD
1172.006.025/399180
form required by KFCLLC.  Unless otherwise indicated above, you will not receive a refund of the Option
Fee under any circumstance.
Training Fee. In addition, you are required to pay a training fee of $3,000 (comprised of $500 for
Above Restaurant Leader training and $2,500 for Key Operator Restaurant training, each as described in
Item 11). KFCLLC will charge you this training fee if you complete the restaurant portion of your initial
training in one of the Company-Owned Outlets.  If you do not conduct any training at a Company-Owned
Outlet, you will pay third parties for KFCLLC’s training program.  The fee you pay third parties varies
depending on the third parties’ cost to train you.  In either case, the training fee will be payable prior to
beginning KFCLLC’s initial training program and is not refundable under any circumstance.
Background Check Fee.  You will be required to pay a background check fee for each person that
signs the Franchise Agreement or Guaranty (defined in Item 15), which fee currently ranges from $575 to
$2,500 per person. This fee is determined by the third party vendor and will be collected by KFCLLC and
paid to the third party vendor on your behalf. You will pay the background check fee when you submit a
consent form, and such fee is not refundable under any circumstances.
These fees are all uniformly imposed by KFCLLC.
Development Fee
If you sign a Development Agreement, you will pay KFCLLC a development fee (“Development
Fee”) in installments, and the number of installments will be equal to the number of development years
(typically 3) listed in the development schedule of the Development Agreement. Each installment amount
is calculated by multiplying the then-current initial franchise fee (currently, $45,000) with the number of
new Outlets you commit to develop in the applicable development year (typically between 3 and 12
Outlets). The total Development Fee will be in the range of $135,000 to $540,000 (assuming the initial
franchise fee for each Outlet during the relevant period is $45,000). The first installment of the Development
Fee is payable upon the execution of the Development Agreement, and each subsequent installment is
payable on September 30 of the year preceding the applicable development year. For every additional Outlet
that is developed in any development year beyond those you committed to open in any development year,
you will pay KFCLLC’s then-current initial franchise fee, currently $45,000. The Development Fee is
uniformly imposed, fully earned when paid to KFCLLC, and is not refundable under any circumstances.