ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
(Not applicable to renewing franchisees or purchasers of existing franchised Centers.) You must pay us an
initial franchise fee of $29,950 if this is your first Center and $19,950 if this is your 2nd or subsequent
Center. These fee discounts apply to concurrent ownership and are not granted based upon former
ownership. To qualify for a $19,950 Initial Franchise Fee, you must own at least a 50% interest in: (1) at
least one existing The UPS Store franchise; and (2) this new franchise.
If we and you do not sign a non-mandatory Center Option Agreement (discussed below), you must sign a
Letter of Intent for a The UPS Store Franchise (“LOI”) (Exhibit 4), pay an Initial Application Fee ($7,500
if you do not currently own any interest in one of our franchises and $3,750 if you do own an interest, as
described in the previous paragraph) that would be fully credited against your Initial Franchise Fee, and
pay the balance of your Initial Franchise Fee when you sign your Franchise Agreement. As stated in the
LOI, the Initial Application Fee is one-half refundable (i.e., $3,750 of $7,500 if you do not currently own
any interest in one of our franchises) or one-third refundable (i.e., $1,250 of $3,750) if you do own such an
interest if at the end of the LOI term you do not for any reason timely satisfy any of our written conditions
for final approval or otherwise refuse to accept a franchise that we may offer you.
If we and you agree to sign a non-mandatory Center Option Agreement, then you need not sign an LOI or
pay an Initial Application Fee (described in the LOI), but you must pay your entire Initial Franchise Fee
when you sign your Franchise Agreement.
The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned when paid and non-refundable.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
Initial Franchise Fee for “Rural” Centers
We have reduced the start-up costs of our franchise opportunity for certain small town markets nationwide.
The Initial Franchise Fee under the Rural Program is $9,950 and is not refundable. You must sign an LOI
and pay an Initial Application Fee as described in the preceding Section.
Initial Franchise Fee for “Diversity Ownership Program”
Under this Diversity Ownership Program, formerly referred to as the Minority Incentive Program, we will
provide an approximately 50% discount off the otherwise applicable Initial Franchise Fee. First-time
purchasers of a The UPS Store Center franchise who are members of an “Underserved Group” are eligible
to pay a $14,950 Initial Franchise Fee for their first Center (reduced from $29,950).  The Initial Application
Fee for a Center under the Diversity Ownership Program is $7,500. As stated in the LOI (Exhibit 4(a) to
this disclosure document), one-half of the Initial Application Fee is refundable (i.e., $3,750 of $7,500). To
qualify for this discount, an underserved candidate must own at least a 51% interest in the franchise and
meet our other guidelines for the incentive program (including financial qualifications and booking-process
deadlines). For purposes of this incentive program, a person qualifies as a person from an “Underserved
Group” if such person is Asian, Black, Hispanic, Native American, a first generation business owner (a first
generation business owner is someone who is the first in their family lineage to start their own business) or
from the LGBTQ+ community (the LGBTQ+ community means people who identify as lesbian, gay,
bisexual, transgender, queer/questioning and others who identify as same/similar gender attracted and/or
transgender). Qualified applicants must submit a complete application packet with the $7,500 Initial
Application Fee and include a Letter of Intent, a personal financial statement, and other verification
documents we require as part of the franchise qualification process. The Diversity Ownership Program
discount is not available if you are receiving this franchise disclosure document in connection with either a
purchase of an existing franchised business, renewal of your Center’s franchise rights, or purchase of a
Non-Traditional site with an already reduced Initial Franchise Fee (i.e., an initial franchise fee less than
$29,950). In addition, the Diversity Ownership Program discount is not available if you qualify for the
VetFran Program or the First Responder Program, as the discounts under our incentive programs cannot be
combined. We have the right to modify or discontinue this incentive program at any time and for any reason.
Initial Franchise Fee for “VetFran” Veterans Program
We are a member of the International Franchise Association and participate in the IFA’s VetFran Program,
which provides an approximate 50% discount on initial franchise fees to veterans of U.S. Armed Forces (or
spouses of active duty service members) who otherwise meet the Program’s requirements. First-time
purchasers of franchises who are veterans of the U.S. Armed Forces are eligible to pay a reduced Initial
Franchise Fee as follows. The Initial Franchise Fee (non-Rural Program) for your first Center will be
reduced from $29,950 to $14,950 ($15,000 reduction). The Initial Application Fee for a Center under the
VetFran Program is $7,500. As stated in the LOI (Exhibit 4(a) to this disclosure document), one-half of the
Initial Application Fee is refundable (i.e., $3,750 of $7,500). To qualify for this discount, the Veteran(s)
must own at least a 50% interest in the franchise. “Veteran” means a recipient of an honorable discharge as
evidenced by the U.S. Department of Defense. It is the Veteran’s responsibility to give us the required
documents to obtain the VetFran incentive. There is no VetFran discount if you are receiving this franchise
disclosure document in connection with either a purchase of an existing franchised business or renewal of
your Center’s franchise rights. In addition, the VetFran discount is not available if you qualify for the
Diversity Ownership Program or the First Responder Program, as the discounts under our incentive
programs cannot be combined.
Under an incentive program for 2024, we will waive the Initial Franchise Fee in its entirety for the first 10
Veterans who commit to develop a new Traditional Center and submit a complete application packet along
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
with the Initial Application Fee (for a Center under the VetFran Program). Only Veterans who are first-
time purchasers of The UPS Store Center franchises are eligible for this 2024 incentive program. The
Veteran’s application package also must include the LOI, a personal financial statement, other financial
verification documents, and an honorable discharge letter (DD214). We will accept applications for this
incentive program from the issuance date of this disclosure document through December 31, 2024. To
qualify for this incentive program, the Veteran must own at least a 51% interest in the franchise and meet
the other guidelines we issue for the incentive program (including financial qualifications and booking
process deadlines). We have the right to modify or discontinue this incentive program at any time and for
any reason.
Initial Franchise Fee for “First Responder Program”
Under this First Responder Program, we will provide an approximately 50% discount off the otherwise
applicable Initial Franchise Fee. First-time purchasers of a The UPS Store Center franchise who have served
as a “First Responder” are eligible to pay a $14,950 Initial Franchise Fee for their first Center (reduced
from $29,950). The Initial Application Fee for a Center under the First Responder Program is $7,500. As
stated in the LOI (Exhibit 4(a) to this disclosure document), one-half of the Initial Application Fee is
refundable (i.e., $3,750 of $7,500). To qualify for this discount, a first responder candidate must own at
least a 51% interest in the franchise and meet our other guidelines for the incentive program (including
financial qualifications and booking-process deadlines). For purposes of this incentive program, a “First
Responder” is a person with specialized training who is among the first to arrive and provide assistance at
the scene of an emergency, such as an accident, natural disaster, or other catastrophic event, including
paramedics, emergency medical technicians, police officers, sheriffs, and firefighters. Qualified applicants
must submit a complete application packet with the $7,500 Initial Application Fee and include a Letter of
Intent, a personal financial statement, and other verification documents we require as part of the franchise
qualification process. The First Responder Program discount is not available if you are receiving this
franchise disclosure document in connection with either a purchase of an existing franchised business,
renewal of your Center’s franchise rights, or purchase of a Non-Traditional site with an already reduced
Initial Franchise Fee (i.e., an initial franchise fee less than $29,950). In addition, the First Responder
Program discount is not available if you qualify for the Diversity Ownership Program or the VetFran
Program, as the discounts under our incentive programs cannot be combined. We have the right to modify
or discontinue this incentive program at any time and for any reason.
Initial Franchise Fee for Conversion and Non-Traditional Site Programs
Despite the fees described above, we may from time to time reduce the Initial Franchise Fee, offer financing,
defer the Initial Franchise Fee and/or provide other terms at our discretion for Centers to be located at Non-
Traditional and conversion locations. Please refer to our Non-Traditional FDD if you are interested in
developing a Center at a Non-Traditional location.
Center Development Fee
We, an Area Franchisee, or a third party we designate (the “Center Development Coordinator”) must
provide and manage a general contractor to construct your new Center and provide site selection and lease
negotiation assistance. You must pay the Center Development Coordinator our Center Development Fee.
We may collect this Center Development Fee directly from you or direct you to pay the Center Development
Coordinator. You must pay this before commencement of Center build-out when the franchise fee or
transfer fee is paid or at such other time we designate.
The fee is $7,000 for all newly-constructed Centers, franchise renewals, franchise transfers, franchise
relocations, conversions, franchise “Re-Openings” (the sale of a new franchise located at a previously
closed Center), TUPSS 2000 remodels, Blue Horizon remodels, and Laser Lite remodels, except as follows.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
This fee will be 20% of the local labor costs you incur – not including items supplied by us or our approved
vendor (the “20% Fee”) – if the upgrades (transfer, renewal, or Re-Opening) are for improvements that are
less than a “Laser Lite Remodel,” a “TUPSS 2000 Remodel,” or a “Blue Horizon Remodel,” which means
upgrades not requiring a new Center design. However, if the 20% Fee would exceed $7,000, you would
have to pay only the $7,000 fee. This fee is per site and not refundable. In the future, the Center
Development Fee is subject to change.
Design Fee
You must pay our then current Design Fee to prepare a general Center design. Payment is due when you
sign your Franchise Agreement. The current Laser Lite design fee is $3,000 in connection with your
a description of the Design Fee in other situations. This fee is per site and not refundable.
Site Survey Fee (Applicable to the Laser Lite Design Only)
The current fee is $1,700 per site and is payable directly to the vendor.
Initial Marketing Plan (IMP) Fee
You must pay the then current IMP Fee when you sign your Franchise Agreement (applicable for newly-
constructed Centers and conversions; not applicable to renewing Franchises; optional for purchasers of
existing franchised Centers). You must pay the IMP Fee for re-opened Centers unless we waive the
requirement. We will waive the IMP Fee for qualified Multiple Center Owners for new Center sales that
are booked by the end of April 2025. We or our designated vendor will manage disbursement of the IMP
Fee to support your Center’s initial marketing plan. Details regarding the IMP are set forth in the Operations
Manual and may be updated from time to time. The current IMP Fee paid to us is $7,500 ($4,000 for centers
developed under the Rural Program). This fee is not refundable.
Proprietary Software and Technology-Related Fees
As more fully described in Items 7 and 11, you must license our proprietary software from us. Applicable
fees are currently as follows:
One-Time Per Franchise Proprietary Software License Fee (New Franchise Only)
$4,750
($3,750 if you are purchasing your second franchise, $2,750 if you are purchasing your third or greater
franchise, and $2,750 if you are acquiring a Center franchise under our Rural Program.) If you are
purchasing your second or greater franchise, you may seek financing for this fee as described in Item 10 of
this disclosure document. However, the fee discounts do not apply to Site Development Program franchises,
which are described below.
Annual Technology Development and Support Fee (New Franchise and Transfers)
$2,304
The Annual Technology Development and Support Fee must be paid each year, on a monthly basis,
including when your Franchise Agreement begins. If you are purchasing your second or greater franchise
or acquire a Center franchise under our Rural Program, this fee is reduced from $2,304 to $2,196 per Center.
In the future, this fee is subject to change. Potential fee discounts do not apply to Site Development Program
franchises. (We anticipate that the Annual Technology Development and Support Fee will increase over
the next couple of years due to significantly increasing costs related to delivering technology.)
If you are purchasing a new, re-opened, or existing (transfer) franchise, you must pay to vendor iShip a
$100 iShip set-up fee.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
You must participate in and be connected to our in-Center network (“ICN”), which is our proprietary online
communications system. See Items 7 and 11 for more details. No fee above is refundable.
Various Signage, Furniture, and Equipment
We facilitate the ordering of many items you need to build out your Center, including fixtures, equipment,
some signage, and some technology equipment, to minimize delays and mistakes in the process. In some
instances, we do sell certain items directly to you and receive a modest margin to cover our costs for doing
so. You pre-pay us the estimated amount for the items in the opening order workbook, we place the order
for you with the vendors, the vendors drop-ship the ordered items directly to you, and we then pay the
vendors for the items. If additional amounts are owed, you pay the balance (because the initial amount was
estimated); if the order’s cost is less than originally estimated, we return the excess to you.
Training Fees
To understand your training fees, you must first understand the basic structure of our training requirements.
See Item 11 of this disclosure document for a more detailed description of our New Franchisee Training
Program. Our Franchise Agreement requires that your Center be operated full-time by a “Primary
Operator” (who may be you or a Center employee) who must successfully complete all parts of our New
Franchisee Training Program.
Our New Franchisee Training Program consists of: (1) Web-Based Training (“WBT”); (2) the In Store
Experience (“ISE”) (5 days for ISE I and 5 days for ISE II) – where you train in a The UPS Store; (3) Print
Services Training; and (4) the 5-day University Business Course (“UBC”) which is held at our The UPS
Store University located at our Headquarters in San Diego, CA, conducted virtually, or conducted by a
certified trainer at a Certified Training Center (or any combination of the three), in all cases in our sole
discretion. A Certified Trainer provides ISE and Print Services Training, which you must complete at a
local/regional Certified Training Center. All training listed above must be attended by all new franchisees
completing the New Franchisee Training Program.
A Multiple Center Owner (“MCO”) is someone who has an ownership interest (i.e., even 1%) in the
franchise rights of at least 2 Centers and has a controlling ownership interest in the franchise rights of at
least one of these multiple Centers. If you are an MCO, each of your Centers must be overseen and
supervised by a “Certified Operator” (a person trained as a Primary Operator may serve in this role). A
Certified Operator is an individual who (1) works full-time on premises in the Center overseeing the
Center’s day-to-day operations and (2) has successfully completed all assessments, Web-based training,
and Certified Operator Training (“COT”). COT is held at a local/regional Certified Training Center and
provided by a Certified Trainer and must be completed before your newly-franchised Center opens or you
acquire ownership of an existing (i.e., “transfer”) Center.
(Please note that the definition of an “MCO” appearing above is different from the definition of a
“Controlling MCO” appearing in Item 6 below. The term “Controlling MCO” is used only to assess whether
a franchisee is eligible to receive the Print Royalty Credit described in Item 6.)
With one exception, there must be at least 1 Primary Operator for every 5 Centers owned by an MCO. (For
example, if you are an MCO with 5 Centers or less, you must have at least 1 Primary Operator in addition
to a Certified Operator for each Center; if you are an MCO with 6 through 10 Centers, you must have at
least 2 Primary Operators in addition to a Certified Operator for each Center; if you are an MCO with 11
through 15 Centers, you must have at least 3 Primary Operators in addition to a Certified Operator for each
Center; and so on.) The only exception to this requirement is for 2-Center owners. If you own 2 Centers,
you may have one Center operated by a Primary Operator and the second Center operated by a Certified
Operator or Primary Operator. If you purchase a third Center, each of your 3 Centers must be operated full-
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
time by a Certified Operator, and the 3 Centers must be overseen by a Primary Operator. If you are an
MCO, you may designate a person trained as a Primary Operator to satisfy your obligation to have a
Certified Operator for one of your Centers if that person is overseen by a Primary Operator as described
above.
All first-time MCOs must attend and successfully complete our Multiple Center Owner Workshop
(“MCOW”) no later than 6 months after your newly franchised or re-opened Center opens or you acquire
ownership of an existing (i.e., “transfer”) Center. This currently is a 4-day program held virtually or at our
Headquarters in San Diego, CA. You must complete MCOW even if you (or your Primary Operator)
previously successfully completed the New Franchisee Training Program. We may require an owner who
is involved in the day-to-day operations of the Center(s) to attend MCOW in order to satisfy the MCOW
training requirement.
You are required to attend, or have at least one supervisory employee who works full-time at the Center
attend, and successfully complete all parts of the Print Services Training program. Alternatively, you may
successfully complete, or have a supervisory employee successfully complete, the Print Services
evaluation/training administered by a Certified Trainer for a designated fee. Each Center must have at least
1 supervisory employee who works full-time at the Center attend and complete all parts of the Print Services
Training program. If the supervisory employee who attended and successfully completed all parts of the
Print Services Training program is no longer employed at the Center, you must have a replacement as soon
as possible, in no event more than 60 days.
For new or re-opened franchises, all training fees paid to us are paid when you sign the franchise agreement.
They are not refundable. For purchases of existing (transfer) Centers, all applicable training fees paid to us
are collected at the close of escrow. All training fees for training conducted at a local The UPS Store training
Center are paid to the certified trainer directly on the first day of the training. If for any reason the training
fees are not collected at these times, they must be collected before attendance at any of the training
programs. You will also be responsible for all travel and living expenses you or your Center’s employees
incur in attending any of our training programs.
New Franchisee Training Program Fees
ISE I1
UBC*
ISE II1
Print
Services
Training
First Trainee (New, Re-open or Transfer Center)
$1,500
$3,000
$1,500
$1,000
Each Additional Trainee (New, Re-open or
Transfer Center)
$1,500
$2,500*
$1,500
$1,000
Rural Program (we must classify the Center as a
Rural Center)
$1,500
$1,400
$1,500
$1,000
*Applicable for Additional Trainees that attend the UBC training within 2 months of the First Trainee
MCO Workshop
Fee Amount
First Trainee
$1,000
Each Additional (Optional) Trainee (New
Center or Transfer)
$750
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
Certified Operator Training
Fee Amount
First Trainee
$1,500
Each Additional (Optional) Trainee
$1,500
Print Services Training
Fee Amount
First Trainee
$1,000
Each Additional Trainee (Optional)
$1,000
Renewal Refresher Training
Fee Amount
As Required by Us (Prior to Renewal)
Up to $1,000
Footnotes:
1.
If the trainee fails to successfully complete any portion of any required training program, that
trainee (or substitute trainee) must take such course again until successfully completed at your sole
expense.
2.
Multiple Center Owner and Certified Operator Training Recurring and Escalating Late Fees
It is critical for you (or, as applicable, your supervisory employee) to timely attend and successfully
complete MCOW, Print Services Training, and COT training by the deadlines stated above. If you do not
do so, your training fees (see charts above) already paid will not be refunded (i.e., we will retain them), and
you must pay us additional recurring and escalating late fees up to the original training fee amount (which
is not refundable), as detailed below. These fees will be charged to you via EFT. You would be required to
re-register for MCOW (and/or, as applicable, COT training).
Situation
First 90 days
escalating late fee
Second 90 days
escalating late fee
Recurring and
escalating late fee
doubles every 90 days
until it reaches the
original training fee
amount
If you do not successfully
complete the required training
(MCOW and COT) within the
deadline, a recurring and
escalating late fee will be
charged every 90 days
$50
$100
MCOW - $800
COT - $1,000
We may substitute virtual learning and “e-learning” training modules (through video and/or other electronic
means) for any training that you, your designated Primary Operator, or your supervisory employee
otherwise would attend in person at our Headquarters.
Site Development Program (“SDP”)
From time to time, we or an Area Franchisee signs (as tenant) a Center lease at a location we have accepted
with the intention of later assigning or sub-letting such lease to a qualified third-party franchisee.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
When TUPSS is the SDP Lease’s Tenant/Assignor
When we are the tenant of the location, we may (but need not) offer you the opportunity to assume the
lease. You need not assume the lease unless you want that location. We usually assign (and, in some cases,
sublet) such leases to franchisees before the build-out of the leased Centers. In these cases, the Center’s
build-out must be done by the franchisee that assumes the lease from us. We do not sign Franchise
Agreements “with ourselves” in connection with SDP leases. Instead, you would simply purchase a new
franchise, and we would assign the SDP Center lease to you. There would be no franchise “transfer process”
in the SDP lease assignment from us to you.
When an Area Franchisee is the SDP Lease’s Tenant/Franchisee
If and when an Area Franchisee is the tenant of an SDP location that we have accepted, such Area
Franchisee may (but need not) offer you the opportunity to assume the lease. Again, you need not assume
the lease unless you want that location. If an Area Franchisee transfers (with our consent and waiver of our
right of first refusal) the SDP Center’s lease and franchise rights more than 6 months after the Center has
opened for business to the public, then such transfer is subject to the normal (non-SDP) transfer process
described in our Franchise Agreement. This would include the payment of all transfer-related fees (see Item
6), i.e., Transfer Fee, Processing Fee, and Pro-Rated Renewal Fee for Transfers (all non-refundable).
However, if an Area Franchisee transfers to you (with our consent and waiver of our right of first refusal)
the SDP Center’s lease and franchise rights either before, or up to 6 months after, the Center has opened
for business to the public, then such SDP transaction is a “hybrid” combination of certain requirements that
apply to “Traditional” franchisee-to-franchisee transfers and certain requirements that apply to newly-
constructed franchises that we sell. The following is a description of this unique hybrid transaction.
1.
Even though the assignment of an SDP lease and franchise rights to you is a type of franchise
“transfer,” neither the Area Franchisee seller nor you, as SDP buyer, must pay us the following
types of transfer-related fees so long as your purchase is completed either before, or up to 6 months
after, the SDP Center has opened for business to the public: Transfer Fee, Processing Fee, or Pro-
Rated Renewal Fee for Transfers.
2.
If you are purchasing an SDP franchise (and assuming an SDP lease) from an Area Franchisee,
then your purchase price will consist of: (a) most or all of the Area Franchisee’s out-of-pocket
expenses associated with the SDP lease (e.g., security deposit and rent paid) and its SDP franchise
rights (Initial Franchise Fee, a portion of which Area Franchisee receives for services rendered);
and (b) in most (but not all) cases, a reasonable amount that compensates the Area Franchisee for
the value provided, and the risks incurred, in holding such SDP Center lease available for
assignment to you (all non-refundable).
3.
If you purchase an SDP franchise (and assume an SDP lease) from an Area Franchisee, you also
must pay directly to us (and not to your Area Franchisee) the following fees which apply to all
newly-constructed franchises: the Design Fee, the Initial Marketing Plan Fee, and the Training Fees
(including MCOW, if applicable). These 3 fees must be paid to us when you sign your Franchise
Agreement. Additionally, you must pay the following fees directly to us after you sign your
Franchise Agreement: One-Time Per Franchise Proprietary Software License Fee and Annual
Technology Development and Support Fee. (If you purchase an SDP franchise (and assume an SDP
lease) from an Area Franchisee, you need not pay us an Initial Franchise Fee.) None of these fees
are refundable.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
4.
Even if the SDP Center may have been opened for up to 6 months before you purchased it from an
Area Franchisee, you need not pay a “Pro-Rated Renewal Fee for Transfers,” and your Franchise
Agreement term will be a full 10 years.
5.
At times, this disclosure document distinguishes between costs of a “newly-constructed Center” or
a “new franchise,” on the one hand, and an “existing Center” or “existing franchise rights,” on the
other hand. If you assume an Area Franchisee’s SDP lease and franchise rights before (or up to 6
months after) the SDP Center’s opening to the public for business, you would incur all or
(depending upon the amount of build-out completed by the Area Franchisee before the assignment)
some of the build-out costs associated with “newly-constructed” Centers disclosed in Item 7 of this
disclosure document, even though you would be purchasing “existing franchise rights.”
Referral Fees
If, after you become and remain one of our franchisees, you complete and send us a “referral brochure” or
other approved paper or electronic form that clearly identifies you and your Center number as the party
making the referral and responsible for referring to us a prospective franchisee for a new domestic The UPS
Store Center (not as part of a transfer), and your referral actually purchases a franchise for a new Center,
you will receive a referral fee from us. If submitting a paper form, you must send us the original referral
brochure; faxes are not acceptable. Our current policy is to “thank you” for the referral by having you
receive $5,000 if a new Traditional Center is involved, $2,000 if a new Rural Center is involved, and $1,000
if a Non-Traditional “store in store” location is involved. (We do not pay referral fees for referrals involving
all other types of Non-Traditional Centers or Access Model Centers.) We reserve the right, in our sole and
absolute discretion, to change the amount of this referral fee. We may end or change this policy, and impose
rules and conditions, whenever we choose. We do not expect or want you to be involved in the sales process
at all. As one of our existing franchisees, you simply are passing along to us the name of someone you
know who might be interested in acquiring a new franchise.
Option Fee
(Not applicable to renewing franchisees or purchasers of existing franchised Centers.) If we and you agree
to sign a non-mandatory Center Option Agreement (“Option Agreement”), you must pay a Center option
fee, the amount of which we and you negotiate based upon the option term’s length and the option territory’s
size and value. You pay us the option fee when you sign the Option Agreement (see Exhibit 2). The option
fee is not refundable or credited against your Initial Franchise Fee. During the Option Agreement’s term,
you will hold the exclusive conditional right to secure the real estate and franchise rights to open one or
more (as specified) Traditional Centers within the defined option territory according to the option schedule
and other requirements. We may develop and grant others the right to develop Non-Traditional Centers
within the defined option territory.
Paying the option fee does not guaranty that you will become a franchisee. Rather, paying the option fee
and signing the option agreement prohibit us and everyone else from opening a Traditional Center in the
option territory during the option term while you attempt to secure a site or sites, secure financing, and
otherwise satisfy our requirements for franchise ownership. We collected no option fees during our 2023
fiscal year.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2