ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
The Standard Purchase Price is $194,000. It includes an initial franchise license fee of $90,000
and a standard Equipment and Products Package costing $104,000. The minimum initial
franchise fee is $90,000. The minimum population in a non-exclusive Territory is generally 50,000,
and the maximum population is generally 80,000. A larger population may be allowed under
certain exceptional circumstances, such as densely-populated urban areas or if a significant
portion of the prospective territory is impoverished. You may purchase additional territory, if
UNIT FTC-04/15/2024
SERVPRO
ACTIVE\1606810595.2
available and approved by Us, at a price of $1,000 per 1,000 population. All population
calculations are currently determined using census tract information from the Census Bureau and
Nielsen projections.
We give You a 2½% discount ($4,850.00) on the Standard Purchase Price if You pay Us in cash
when You sign the Franchise License Agreement or if Your promissory note is paid in full within
90 days (the cash discount of $4,850.00 will be subtracted from the balance of the note). We may
pay Your broker or an existing franchisee a referral fee for referring You to Us.
We may adjust the initial franchise fee if You are already a franchisee who is purchasing an
additional license. We may reduce the purchase price by up to $1,250 in lieu of paying Our
customary referral fee, which is usually paid to an existing associate franchisee referring a
first-time new franchisee. An existing franchisee must meet Our qualification criteria in order to
purchase franchises, which include operating for a minimum of 12 months, achieving a qualifying
minimum Gross Volume, meeting Our current equipment standards, staffing the Franchises at
specified levels, meeting other financial criteria, and agreeing to meet Gross Volume
requirements.
Our Initial Fees are uniform with the exception of “conversion candidates.” These are construction
or restoration businesses performing the same or similar services to Servpro franchises, or who
have related businesses serving the restoration industry, and who wish to become Servpro
franchisees and convert their existing businesses. Conversions must purchase cleaning products
and equipment at least equivalent to the Standard Equipment and Products Package. The
Standard Equipment and Products Package may be adjusted for conversions because most have
some amounts of compliant equipment. We believe the range will generally be approximately
$13,000 to $51,000 for equipment and products, depending on how much equipment conversions
already own.
You must pay Us the initial franchise fee and purchase from Our affiliate an Equipment and
Products Package when You sign the Franchise License Agreement. The cost of Your initial
training, excluding QuickBooks®, Xactimate, lead paint, subrogation, Water Damage Restoration
Technician (WRT) training/certification and Applied Structural Drying (“ASD”) training/certification,
is included in the initial franchise fee. Financing may be available as noted in Item 10.
We reserve the ability to introduce “non-traditional” franchises in the future, after appropriate
disclosure, which may have different characteristics, such as population, location and price. This
may include downtown areas.
You may acquire additional existing Franchises from a current franchisee on terms negotiated
between You and Our franchisee, subject to the transfer provisions of the selling franchisee’s
agreement with Us and meeting Our then-current resale qualification requirements. The
acquisition and renewal of a third and subsequent Servpro franchises or of any ownership interest
in such franchises is subject to standards, certain growth-ready Gross Volume requirements,
cleaning product and equipment, staffing and other requirements in Our then-current qualification
guides.
Additional license or resale acquisitions must purchase cleaning products and equipment
consistent with Our recommended operating system. We have resale guides for existing
franchisees purchasing additional license resales and for reselling Servpro franchises to first-time
Servpro owners. The renewal of any such approved additional acquisitions is also subject to the
UNIT FTC-04/15/2024
SERVPRO
ACTIVE\1606810595.2
Addendum to Franchise License Agreement—volume renewal requirements for additional
acquisitions.
You may qualify and pay $3,000 as a deposit to reserve a given territory for 6 months. You must
submit a completed “Deposit to Reserve Territory” form, a copy of which is included as Exhibit F
of this disclosure document. At any time within the 6-month period, You may, subject to Our usual
qualification and approval procedures for the sale of new Franchises, purchase a Franchise for
the reserved territory at the price and under the terms available on the date of purchase of the
Franchise. The $3,000 deposit will be applied to the purchase price. We do not refund Your
deposit if You decide not to purchase the Franchise or if You are not approved or do not qualify
to purchase the Franchise. You may not transfer or assign the deposit.