ITEM 5

INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fees.  All Initial Franchise Fees are non-refundable.  We offer two different franchise
programs in this Disclosure Document:
1.
Single Store.  Under the Single Store Development Program, you must sign a Single Store
Development Agreement and pay a Location Fee of $15,000 to hold either one site or one trade area (which
may or may not be exclusive) pending IHOP’s approval of a site or just sign a Franchise Agreement.  If you
enter into a Franchise Agreement, you must construct and equip the Restaurant, acquire and convert an existing
building or acquire an existing IHOP Restaurant, and pay an Initial Franchise Fee of $50,000.  If you first sign
a Single Store Development Agreement and pay us a Location Fee of $15,000 and then sign a Franchise
Agreement for the site, the Location Fee will be applied to the Initial Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee
is payable upon execution of the Franchise Agreement.  We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to reduce
or waive these fees in certain circumstances.

IHOP-TR FDD – 03/24

If you are acquiring a franchise under the Purchase Program, you would take over a Restaurant that
has been developed and, in some instances, operated by IHOP or an IHOP Affiliate. You must typically sign
a Sublease in the form attached as Exhibit H, or a Lease in the form attached as Exhibit U, for the land and
building, and an Equipment Lease in the form attached as Exhibit D, for all the equipment, furniture,
smallwares inventory and other personal property at the existing Restaurant.  In certain instances, if we agree
to allow you to purchase these items, the purchase price would be payable in a lump sum at the time you signed
the Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee under the Purchase Program generally ranges between $0
to $300,000, depending on the particular facts and circumstances concerning the Restaurant, including its
location, term of lease, the condition of the premises, its operating history, if any, profit margin and volume,
and the condition of the personal property, as applicable.  The Initial Franchise Fee is payable upon execution
of the Franchise Agreement; however, we may allow Purchase Program franchisees to finance a portion of the
Initial Franchise Fee on the terms described below. In addition, you must also purchase the entire existing
inventories of unopened paper goods and food at the Restaurant. The fees disclosed in this section are subject
to variance in accordance with the terms of the Development Incentive Program.
2.
Multi-Store.  Under the Multi-Store Development Program, you must develop a specified
number of IHOP Restaurants within your area (which may or may not be exclusive) per a negotiated schedule.
Like the Single Store Development Program, you would be responsible for acquiring or constructing and
equipping the Restaurants.  On signing the Multi-Store Development Agreement, you must pay a non-
refundable “Development Fee” equal to $20,000 times the number of Restaurants that you agree to develop.
For each Restaurant you develop, you must sign a separate Franchise Agreement and pay an Initial Franchise
Fee equal to $40,000, and we will credit the Development Fee (at the rate of $20,000 per Restaurant until
exhausted) toward the Initial Franchise Fee for each Franchise Agreement that you sign.  The total
Development Fee varies between $40,000 and $300,000 (for two to 15 Restaurants obligations); we mutually
agree on the number of Restaurants to be developed based upon factors including the size and population of
the area involved.  However, we reserve the right in our discretion to reduce or waive these fees in certain
circumstances.  If you signed an earlier form of our area development agreement or multi-store development
agreement that differs from our current form, your initial franchise fee will be determined in accordance with
your area development agreement or multi-store development agreement, as applicable. The fees disclosed in
this section are subject to variance in accordance with the terms of the Development Incentive Program.
Renewals and Extensions.  If you are presently signing a franchise agreement in connection with a
Special Renewal Term, General Renewal Term or other option to renew, then, your existing franchise
agreement will govern the amount of the Initial Franchise Fee or renewal fee payable to us, if any.
If you have exhausted the Special Renewal Term, General Renewal Term and/or other options to renew
contained in your existing franchise agreement, although we have no obligation to do so, we may offer you the
opportunity to sign a new franchise agreement in the then-current form of agreement being offered to new
prospective franchisees to extend your right to operate your Restaurant for a term which is typically 10 years,
with no further renewal rights, upon the expiration of your existing franchise agreement.  In limited
circumstances, if you agree to demolish and completely rebuild and re-equip or substantially remodel the
Restaurant, we may offer you the opportunity to sign a new Franchise Agreement for a longer term of up to 20
years with an option to renew the term for an additional term of up to 10 years.  The form of franchise
agreement and term and conditions contained therein are subject to change and subject to any requirements of
applicable law.  If we offer you the opportunity to sign a new franchise agreement to extend your right to
operate your Restaurant upon the expiration of your existing agreement (“New Franchise Agreement”), you
will pay an Initial Franchise Fee for the New Franchise Agreement in an amount equal to the fee that is in
effect as of the date you sign the New Franchise Agreement.  As of the date of this Disclosure Document, the
Initial Franchise Fee for a New Franchise Agreement to extend your right to operate your Restaurant upon the
expiration of your existing agreement is $50,000.

IHOP-TR FDD – 03/24

If you are signing a Multi-Store Development Agreement, depending on the number of Restaurants to
be developed and the terms negotiated, your Multi-Store Development Agreement will govern the amount of
the total Development Fee and Option Fee, if any, payable to us.  The Option Fee, payable only if we agree to
grant you one or more options to renew, is currently $5,000 per Restaurant to be developed during the Renewal
Term, and we will credit the Option Fee to the Development Fee until exhausted if you exercise the options.
Range of Initial Franchise Fees and Development Fees.  During Fiscal 2023, the Initial Franchise Fees
paid by IHOP franchisees pursuant to franchise agreements under the Single Store Development Program and
the Multi-Store Development Program did not vary from the standard Initial Franchise Fees mentioned above,
unless a franchisee qualified for the Development Incentive Program; there were no Initial Franchise Fees paid
under the Purchase Program because we did not franchise any Restaurants under the Purchase Program during
such period; and the Development Fees paid under the Multi-Store Development Program did not vary from
the standard Development Fees mentioned above.
No Refund of Initial Franchise Fees or Development Fees.  The Initial Franchise Fees and
Development Fees are not refundable except to the limited extent provided for in the Development Incentive
Program.
Financing of Initial Franchise Fees.  Except as stated below, IHOP does not generally finance any part
of the fees payable under the Franchise Agreement, Single Store Development Agreement or Multi-Store
Development Agreement.  IHOP may agree to finance part of the Initial Franchise Fee, in its sole discretion,
up to 95%, for the Purchase Program only.  See Item 10 for additional details.
Opening Training Support Fees.  At its sole discretion, IHOP will determine the opening training needs
for each location. If you are participating in the Single Store Development or Multi-Store Development
Programs, and we determine you will need training support and/or operational assistance to open your
Restaurant, you will pay an Opening Training Support Fee between $0 and $55,000 upon execution of your
franchise agreement, based upon the number of trainers deemed necessary by IHOP.  This fee is subject to
increase if the opening schedule changes, if overtime is requested or if travel expenses exceed original
projections.  From time to time, we may agree to provide alternative training arrangements for certain
qualifying franchisees.  See Items 6, 7 and 11 for further information.
Technology: Point-of-Sale (“POS”) Setup, Training and Support.  If we determine you will need POS
setup, training and support for a new Restaurant opening, you will pay us or the vendor up to $7,980 plus
airfare for onsite implementation support for each of your first three Restaurant openings.  Beginning with
your fourth Restaurant, you may opt for remote POS setup, training and support for the cost of $3,500.
Payments for Goods Received from Franchisor.  If you are participating in the Single Store
Development or Multi-Store Development Program, you must purchase and cause to be delivered and installed
before the opening of the Restaurant(s), certain items of equipment and an inventory of smallwares.  You may
purchase these items of equipment and smallwares from any supplier which is approved by IHOP or from
IHOP or an IHOP Affiliate, if it sells such items.  If you elect to order and purchase any items from IHOP or
an IHOP Affiliate, if it sells the items, the cost will be between approximately $15,000 and $30,000, depending
on the items purchased.  If you are participating in the Purchase Program and you are taking over the operation
of an IHOP Affiliate-operated Restaurant, we may require that you purchase the entire existing paper goods
and unopened food inventory of the Restaurant from IHOP before you take over the Restaurant.



IHOP-TR FDD – 03/24