ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES


Development Agreement:  When you sign the Development Agreement, you must pay us a non-
refundable territorial development fee equal to $50,000 for each Restaurant to be developed under the
Development Agreement (“Development Fee”).  We reserve the right to adjust this formula of the
Development Fee depending on the size of the area acquired.  The Development Fee must be paid in a
single, lump sum on the date you sign the Development Agreement.  The Development Fee is fully earned
and non-refundable when paid, in consideration of administrative and other expenses we incur in entering
into the Development Agreement.  After signing the Development Agreement, you must enter into a
Franchise Agreement based on our then-current form for each Restaurant to be developed under the
Development Agreement.  In the event you wish to only develop a single Restaurant, you must enter into a
Development Agreement for that Restaurant.


Franchise Agreement:  You must pay us an initial franchise fee of $25,000 for the right to establish
a single Restaurant under a Franchise Agreement (“Franchise Fee”).  The Franchise Fee must be paid in a
single, lump sum on the date you sign the Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Fee is fully earned and non-
refundable when paid, in consideration of administrative and other expenses we incur in entering into the
Franchise Agreement.  However, if you cannot obtain possession of an approved location for the Restaurant
within 6 months after you have signed your first Franchise Agreement, we have the right to terminate the
Franchise Agreement and refund 75% of your Franchise Fee.  Before returning any portion of the Franchise
Fee, you must demonstrate to us that you have made a good faith effort to obtain the financing and
possession of an approved location for the Restaurant.  This policy may be revoked by us at any time.  If
we decide to revoke this policy, we will provide written notice to those franchisees that have signed a
Franchise Agreement to establish a single Restaurant but have not yet developed their Restaurant, and will
file all necessary amendment documentation with the applicable state commissions.  Any such notice will
be given at least 60 days before the revocation takes effect.  This is the only refund provision currently
available to you.  As stated above, in the event you wish to only develop a single Restaurant, you must enter
into a Franchise Agreement and a Development Agreement for that Restaurant.  The Development Fee is
not applied towards the Franchise Fee.  For the year ended December 31, 2023, we had deferred revenue
for both Development Fees and Franchise Fees in the amount of $19,737,836.

Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico Fees:  The Five Guys development and operations teams have
determined that the market needs for Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico will necessitate considerably more
effort by our personnel (together with the incurrence of substantially more costs) than we typically
experience with our other domestic territories.  As such, the Development Fee described above and
currently assessed to our franchisees will not apply to prospective franchisees for Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto
Rico.  In order to ensure that the FIVE GUYS® brand standards are maintained in these specific regions,
we are requiring that the per store Development Fee and Franchise Fee for Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico
be set at $125,000, and $25,000, respectively.

Initial Training Fee:  We do not charge a training fee for the initial training of your Operating
Principal, your general manager, and one assistant manager. At your request, and subject to space
availability, we or our designee will provide initial training to additional members of your personnel, but
we may charge a fee for that training.  The additional training fee we currently charge is $1,500 per person
(“Additional Training Fee”).  The Additional Training Fee represents our costs of providing the training,
including the cost of materials and our administrative costs of making personnel available for training
purposes.  You must pay the Additional Training Fee for each additional member of your personnel before
training begins.  The initial training fee is non-refundable and is charged uniformly to all franchisees,
although actual dollar amounts may vary depending on how many additional persons are trained.


FIVE GUYS 2024 FDD
Required Initial Inventory Purchase:  Before your business opens, you must purchase the initial
inventory of proprietary hamburger and hotdog buns from our affiliate Five Guys Bakery at a non-
refundable cost of approximately $350, payable when you place the order.


There are no additional payments to or purchases from us or our affiliates before you open your
Restaurant for business.