Item 5

INITIAL FEES


You must pay us an initial franchise fee of $30,000 for each Denny’s franchise.  You must
pay the initial franchise fee to us in good funds upon signing the Franchise Agreement.  This fee,
as described above, unless you sign a franchise agreement under a development incentive pro-
gram, is uniform to all franchisees and is not refundable, in whole or in part, under any circum-
stance.  The initial franchise fee in 2023 was $30,000.


The initial franchise fee includes management training for you, your Managing Owner, your
Designated Operator, if required (see Item 15), and your managers at an approved training res-
taurant.  You must pay the then current costs associated with the New Restaurant Opening team,
including salaries, travel, hotel, and meals for training at your Restaurant as it opens.  As of the
date of this disclosure document those fees range from $0 to $36,000 depending on the level of
assistance provided.  (See Item 11 for a complete description of the New Restaurant Opening
training.)  Therefore, the total amount you must pay to us or our affiliates may range between
$30,000 and $66,000.


If you execute a Successor Franchise Agreement, you must pay an initial successor
franchise fee of $10,000 for a ten-year agreement or $30,000 for a twenty-year agreement.  This
fee is payable in good funds when you sign the Successor Franchise Agreement.  This fee is
uniform to all successor franchisees and is not refundable, in whole or part, under any circum-
stances.  The initial franchise fee paid for Successor Franchise Agreements in 2022 was $10,000
for 10-year and 11-year agreements and $30,000 for 20-year and 21-year agreements.  In March
2022, we began offering franchisees the option of an eleven-year agreement for $10,000, or a
twenty-one year agreement for $30,000 for all restaurants that were open during the COVID period
of March 2020 through January 2022.


The initial successor franchise fee includes management training for any new Managing
Owner, Designated Operator and your managers at an approved training restaurant.


If you qualify to sign a Successor Franchise Agreement, you have the option of continuing
in business at your existing location by signing the Successor Franchise Agreement that has a
ten, eleven, twenty, or twenty-one year term.


If you execute a Franchise Agreement for The Den by Denny’s, you must pay an initial
franchise fee of $10,000 for a ten-year agreement.  This fee is payable in good funds when you
sign the Franchise Agreement.  This fee is uniform to all franchisees for The Den and is not re-
fundable, in whole or part, under any circumstances.


The initial franchise fee includes management training for you, your Managing Owner, your
Designated Operator, if required (see Item 15), and your managers at an approved training loca-
tion.  You must pay the then current costs associated with the New Restaurant Opening team,
including salaries, travel, hotel, and meals for training at your Restaurant as it opens.  As of the
date of this disclosure document those fees range from $0 to $36,000 depending on the level of
assistance provided.  (See Item 11 for a complete description of the New Restaurant Opening
training.)  Therefore, the total amount you must pay to us or our affiliates may range between
$10,000 and $46,000.


We do not currently charge an additional initial franchise fee for our Virtual Brand Offerings.

LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024

FLIP Development Agreement


If you sign a FLIP Development Agreement (FLIP), your agreement will contain an exclu-
sive agreement granting you the right to develop and open a specified number of restaurants
within a designated geographical area(s) set out in Exhibit A to the development agreement (a
"Territory").  Territories may range in size from an area within a radius of a specified intersection
to an entire DMA or larger areas.  We must approve each proposed site within the Territory.  Ex-
hibit B of the development agreement (the “Development Schedule”) sets benchmarks and a re-
quired opening date for each new restaurant.  The term of the development agreement generally
begins on the date the development agreement is signed and terminates on the earlier of the
opening of the last Denny's restaurant required under the Development Schedule or a termination
of the development agreement, due to failure to meet the Development Schedule or other reasons.


Under FLIP you will commit to opening a specific number of restaurants and meet devel-
opment benchmarks for each restaurant.  If you open the restaurant(s) on time, we will contribute
to you a development incentive to be paid through your Payment Card Agreement (Exhibit J).
Your development incentive will be reduced by the amount of your initial franchise fee and any
New Restaurant Opening (NRO) (Item 11) fee.  If the development incentive is less than the initial
franchise fee and NRO fee, you will pay the balance to us. For example:  If the development
incentive for a restaurant is $200,000, the initial franchise fee is $30,000, and the NRO fee is
$36,000, then we will contribute $134,000 to you.  If the development incentive for a restaurant is
$50,000, the initial franchise fee is $30,000, and the NRO fee is $36,000, then we will contribute
$0 to you and you will remain liable for $16,000 under the applicable franchise agreement.


The development incentive amount varies by development market.  See Exhibit I-2a.


You may lose exclusivity if you open any restaurant more than thirty (30) days late.


In addition to losing exclusivity, the development incentive amount may be reduced by ten
percent (10%) every thirty (30) days if you open a restaurant more than thirty (30) days after the
due date.  For Example:  If the development incentive is $200,000 and you open the restaurant
thirty-one (31) to sixty (60) days late, then you may lose exclusivity under FLIP and your develop-
ment incentive may be reduced by up to $20,000 or 10% to $180,000.  If you open the same
restaurant sixty-one (61) to ninety (90) days late, then you may lose exclusivity and the develop-
ment incentive may be reduced by up to $40,000 or 20% to $160,000.  Likewise, if you open the
same restaurant ninety-one (91) to one hundred twenty (120) days late, then you may lose exclu-
sivity and the development incentive will be reduced by $60,000 or 30% to $140,000.


We executed four FLIP agreements in 2023.

H2.0 Development Agreement


If you execute an H2.0 Development Agreement (H2.0-DA) you must pay a development
deposit of $30,000, regardless of the number of restaurants to be developed.  The deposit is due
when you sign the H2.0-DA and is payable in good funds.  The deposit is uniform to all franchisees
and is not refundable, in whole or in part, under any circumstances.  The $30,000 deposit will be
applied to the initial franchise fee of your first restaurant opened under you H2.0-DA.  You will pay
$30,000 initial franchise fee for each restaurant opened under your H2.0-DA.


LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024

For each restaurant, if you open that restaurant at least sixty days before the due date
under your H2.0-DA, you will receive a $10,000 credit toward your franchise finance account.


For each restaurant opened according to its development schedule, you will pay the fol-
lowing royalties and Brand Building Fund;

Fee
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Years 6 - 20
Royalty
1.5%
2%
2.5%
3.5%
4%
4.5%
Brand
Building
1%
1.5%
2%
2%
2.5%
3%

We executed three domestic H2.0 agreements in 2023 and received $30,000 for all three agree-
ments.

Scrape and Rebuild/Offset Program


Under the Scrape and Rebuild / Offset Program you may request permission to relocate
any existing restaurant, including a former company restaurant, to a brand-new building built in an
approved type in the same trade area.  The proposal may be subject to the process in place at
that time for approving a new restaurant, including without limitation encroachment impact.  Upon
approval and completion of construction, you have the right to close the original restaurant and
move the Denny's to the new location.  To qualify for the Scrape and Rebuild / Offset Program,
you must:  (a) Identify and have a site approved for the replacement restaurant no later than two
(2) years from the Takeover Date for the former company restaurant; (b) Open the Offset restau-
rant no later than three (3) years from the Takeover Date for the former company Restaurant; and
(c) Not have the original and Rebuild / Offset restaurants open at the same time.  If we deem any
down time between closing and opening to be too long, we may impose requirements such as
training as conditions to reopening.  If you satisfy the requirements of the Scrape and Rebuild /
Offset Program, you will receive a new Franchise Agreement with no initial franchise fee, and the
term of the new Franchise Agreement will begin on the Opening Date of the new restaurant.  The
term will continue for a full twenty (20) years from the Opening Date of the Rebuild / Offset Res-
taurant, unless sooner terminated by us as provided for in the agreement.  You may carry over
any favorable royalty and brand building percentages for a period of time they were available
under the original franchise agreement term.


Where DI sells an operating Denny's restaurant, you will be required to pay us an initial
franchise fee under the Franchise Agreement and pay DI for the restaurant under a Purchase
Agreement. You will acquire the equipment, POS equipment, leasehold improvements, furniture,
furnishings, signs, small wares, trade fixtures and other fixed assets, the existing inventory of food,
beverages, cleaning and operating supplies, and intangible business value.  Real property may
be available.  DI sets the purchase price at its sole discretion, which depends upon factors such
as location and sales volume of the Restaurant and the quality and market value of the (real and)
personal property.  Although DI's sale of the Restaurant to you requires our consent, we will not
obtain an independent appraisal for the purchase price, and you are encouraged to independently
evaluate the purchase price before you sign the Franchise Agreement and Purchase Agreement.
In limited circumstances, DI will finance a portion of the purchase price of a former company Res-
taurant.


We have offered company restaurants under our Operator to Franchisee Program and
provided qualified franchisees with a development credit.  The development credit applied to com-
pany restaurants purchased within three years of separation of the company, so long as your first

LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024
purchase was completed in the first year.  To qualify for the Operator to Franchisee Program we
considered your years of service with Denny’s, employee performance rating, and credit rating.
We did not sell any restaurants under the Operator to Franchisee Program in the last fiscal year.








LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024