ITEM 5.  INITIAL FEES
Individual Franchise Agreement
If you are new to the System, you must pay an initial franchise fee of $55,000.  You will first sign a
“Preliminary Agreement” attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit F, and you must pay an “Application
Fee” of $5,000 to defray some of the cost of initial evaluation, processing of the application and background
investigation.  If you are approved as a Culver’s® franchisee, the Application Fee will be credited towards the
initial franchise fee as described below.  If you are not approved, this fee will be refunded.  You must sign a
separate Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant you open.  You do not receive any right or interest to develop
or operate additional Restaurants, except as described below.
If we approve you as a Culver’s® franchisee, you must sign a Franchise Agreement within 18 months
of the notice of operational approval and pay the balance of the initial franchise fee to us at that time.  If you do
not sign a Franchise Agreement within 18 months after we notify you in writing that you have received
operational approval, we will refund your Application Fee and terminate the application process for a Culver’s®
franchise, or you may reapply to become a Culver’s® franchise and your Application Fee becomes
nonrefundable.
If your Franchise Agreement provides for this opportunity, we may offer you the opportunity to develop
and operate an additional Culver’s® franchise during the initial term of your first Culver’s® Franchise Agreement
for the fee of $45,000 provided the Operator (as defined in Item 15) for the additional Culver’s® Restaurant is the
same Operator as the first Culver’s® Restaurant, you are in complete compliance with your Franchise Agreement,
and meet our then-current qualifications (among other things, financial stability, operations ability and
management skills).  We reserve the right to determine whether you meet these and other qualifications.  If we
permit you to open an additional Restaurant, we will waive your obligation to sign the Preliminary Agreement
and will waive the Application Fee.  Otherwise, the process of selecting a site and entering into a franchise
agreement is the same as that described above.
We also currently offer a “Mentoring Program,” as described in Item 1, for certain individuals who have
worked as a General Manager or who have performed the duties of a General Manager at a mentor’s existing
Culver’s® Restaurant for at least one year (“Key Manager”).  In these instances we may grant existing
franchisees, as mentors, an additional franchise for a reduced initial franchise fee provided that the existing
franchisee and the Key Manager meet certain ownership requirements in the franchisee entity.  In addition, the
Key Manager must satisfy our then-current approval process for new franchisees and must successfully
complete a skills assessment and evaluation, and any other training we may require.  A Key Manager may only
63338141v3
2024 Culver’s FDD
participate under the Mentoring Program once as a mentee candidate.  We reserve the absolute right to
determine whether anyone may participate as a mentor or a mentee in our Mentoring Program and may deny
participation for any reason.  Currently, if you qualify for the Mentoring Program, the initial franchise fee is
$30,000.
We also currently offer a “Veterans’ Discount”, whereby we will reduce the initial franchise fee by
$10,000 for qualified franchisees.  In order to qualify for the Veterans’ Discount you must be an honorably
discharged United States veteran with a form DD 214, you must be opening your first Restaurant, and you must
be the present and engaged full-time on-site owner-operator and personally manage the Restaurant.  We reserve
the absolute right to determine whether you qualify to receive the Veterans’ Discount and we may deny this
discount or modify this discount at any time for any reason.
One of the distinguishing features of the Culver’s® franchise is that you have the right to terminate the
Franchise Agreement at any time before attending your fifth week of the Franchisee Development Program
(described in Item 11), provided you comply with the post-term obligations and sign a release.  Should you
decide to terminate the franchise relationship with us before the start of your fifth week of the Franchisee
Development Program, you must provide us with written notice, and we will refund 75% of your initial
franchise fee.  Except as described in this Paragraph and above, the initial franchise fee (including deposits) is
not refundable.
Territory Reservation Agreement
As described in more detail in Item 12, we may offer certain existing Culver’s® franchisees the
opportunity to enter into a “Territory Reservation Agreement” with us in the form attached as Exhibit G to this
disclosure document.  If you sign a Territory Reservation Agreement with us, you can reserve the right, for 24
months, to develop a Culver’s® Restaurant in a defined area for a fee of $50,000.  This fee is in addition to any
initial franchise fee and is not refundable, however, if you secure a site and sign a Franchise Agreement for a
Restaurant within the Territory Reservation Area within 12 months of the date that you sign the Territory
Reservation Agreement, $20,000 of your Territory Reservation Agreement fee will be applied toward your
initial franchise fee.  If you request an extension to your Territory Reservation Agreement of up to 6 months
and we grant it, you must pay us a $20,000 Territory Reservation Extension Fee.
Development Agreement
As described in more detail in Item 12, if you are an existing Culver’s® franchisee, or under certain
circumstances, a new franchisee, we may offer you the opportunity to enter into a “Development Agreement”
with us in the form attached as Exhibit C to this disclosure document, to develop several Restaurants within the
Designated Area (as defined in Item 12) if you are in compliance with your current Franchise Agreement (if
applicable), and you meet our then-current qualifications (among other things, financial criteria, operations
ability and management skills).  If you sign a Development Agreement, the “Territory Fee” is $50,000 for each
Restaurant you agree to establish under the “Development Schedule” described in the Development Agreement.
The Territory Fee for each Restaurant is in addition to the initial franchise fee due under each Franchise
Agreement, however, in the event you meet your initial scheduled dates in your Development Agreement for
both signing your Franchise Agreement and opening your restaurant, you will be refunded your entire Territory
Fee for that Restaurant.  Your Territory Fee is not refundable under any other circumstances.  In addition, if
you do not meet one or more of your initial scheduled dates in your Development Agreement for both signing
your Franchise Agreements and opening your restaurants, then we may terminate your Development
Agreement.
63338141v3
2024 Culver’s FDD