ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES

The Restaurant franchise program always involves two types of agreements and fees: a
Development Agreement with development fees and a Franchise Agreement with franchise fees.
The Development Agreement gives you an option to purchase a Restaurant franchise. The option
becomes exercisable when you secure a suitable Restaurant site during the option period (which usually
lasts 180 days). You pay a $10,000 development fee when you sign the Development Agreement. If you
obtain development rights for additional Restaurants, you must pay a development fee equal to $10,000
times the number of additional Restaurants you commit to develop. You must pay the development fee in
full when you sign the Development Agreement. The development fee is not refundable.
The franchise fee for each Restaurant developed under a Development Agreement currently is
$20,000. You must pay the full franchise fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant.
The franchise fee is not refundable. (Development fees and franchise fees are separate; development fees
are not credited toward franchise fees.)
Certain franchisees had an opportunity to earn certain franchise fee incentives in 2023 as part of a
2023 Development Incentive Program. In 2023, a total of 32 Restaurants received a franchise fee waiver
by satisfying certain deadlines for site selection and lease signing. All other franchisees during 2023 paid
the standard franchise fee.
We participate in the International Franchise Association’s VetFran Program, which generally
provides discounts on initial franchise fees to veterans of U.S. Armed Forces who otherwise meet the
VetFran Program’s requirements. First-time purchasers of franchises who are veterans of the U.S. Armed
Forces are eligible to pay a reduced franchise fee of $5,000 for their first Wingstop Restaurant
(representing a $15,000 discount off our standard $20,000 franchise fee). To qualify for the discount, the
veteran must own at least a 50% interest in the franchise. “Veteran” means a recipient of an honorable
discharge as evidenced by the U.S. Department of Defense. It is the veteran’s responsibility to send us the
required documents in order to obtain the VetFran Program discount. There is no VetFran Program
discount if you are receiving this disclosure document in connection with your purchase of an existing
Wingstop Restaurant. (The VetFran discount does not apply to development fees.)
Despite the provision above, one franchisee who signed a Development Agreement with us in
December 2018 received a waiver of the franchise fee for each Restaurant to be developed under its
Development Agreement. In addition, we periodically might incentivize development in undeveloped
markets (i.e., in certain states in which there are no or only a few Wingstop Restaurants). Such incentives
may include waiver of a portion of the development fee and/or the franchise fee.
If you purchase an existing Restaurant franchise, you do not pay an initial franchise fee. Instead,
we receive a $10,000 transfer fee (which is not refundable).
As noted in Item 1, in limited circumstances WRI might be willing, in its sole discretion, to find
and secure the site for one or more of your required Restaurants in your development territory, construct
and develop the Restaurant for you, and then sell you the Restaurant and its assets under an asset


WINGSTOP 2024D (ISSUED MARCH 2024)
ACTIVE\1608033645.2
purchase agreement, together with a lease assignment. You would be responsible under the asset
purchase agreement for the costs of developing the Restaurant. You then would operate the Restaurant
going forward under a Franchise Agreement with us. Also, as noted in Item 1, we periodically may
incentivize development in undeveloped markets (i.e., in certain states in which there are no or only a
few Wingstop Restaurants). Such incentives may include waiver of a portion of the development fee
and/or the franchise fee.
Except as otherwise described, the initial fees and payments in this Item 5 are uniform in all
cases.