ITEM 5.
INITIAL FEES
Unless you sign a Development Agreement, when you sign a Franchise Agreement, you must pay
Company an initial nonrefundable franchise fee of $18,500 for a standard franchise agreement.  When you
sign a lease for your Restaurant, you must pay Company $12,500 which will be used by Company to
conduct a Grand Opening Advertising program for your Restaurant.  When you sign a lease for your
Restaurant, you must also pay Company a real estate and construction fee in the amount of $5,000.  In
addition, you must pay any balance due for each franchise fee for each JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant opened
as required by the terms of the Area Development Agreement.
When you sign an Area Development Agreement, you must pay Company a nonrefundable
development fee as stated below:
a.
The development fee for 3 JERSEY MIKE’S franchises established under an Area
Development Agreement is $50,000, payable to Company when you sign the Area Development
Agreement.  No initial franchise fee will be due when you sign individual Franchise Agreements.
b.
The development fee for 5 JERSEY MIKE’S franchises established under an Area
Development Agreement is $50,000, payable to Company when you sign the Area Development
Agreement.  In addition to the development fee, an initial franchise fee of $6,000 per franchise is due when
you sign the franchise agreement for each franchise location.
c.
The development fee for 10 JERSEY MIKE’S franchises established under an Area
Development Agreement is $120,000, payable to Company when you sign the Area Development
Agreement.  No initial franchise fee will be due when you sign individual Franchise Agreements.
All fees paid as required by an Area Development Agreement are fully earned by Company at the
time of signing and are nonrefundable, even if you, or your designated manager, fail to satisfactorily
complete training or find approved locations.  Company may elect to permit a franchisee to use a portion
of the fees for marketing assistance, in certain situations as determined solely by Company.
In order to offset Company’s expenses related to signing a franchise agreement, $5,000 of the Initial
Franchise Fee is non-refundable in all circumstances. The individual franchise fees are fully earned and non-
refundable under any circumstances except as provided in a. and b. below:
a.
If no acceptable site is found and approved within five months from the date on which the
Franchise Agreement is signed, either Company or you may terminate the Franchise Agreement and

A Sub Above, LLC
2024 Franchise Disclosure Document.

Company will refund $13,500 of the initial franchise fee to you upon your signing a termination agreement
and general release of claims.
b.
If Company determines that you, your Controlling Principal (as defined in Section 15),
designated manager or shift supervisors are unable to satisfactorily complete the training program required
of all franchisees, Company may terminate the Franchise Agreement and, unless you have signed an Area
Development Agreement, Company will return $13,500 of the initial franchise fee to you upon your signing
a termination agreement and general release of claims.
In its sole discretion, Company may grant certain qualified managers at existing Jersey Mike’s
franchises, who wish to own their own Jersey Mike’s franchise, the right to participate in the Coach Rod
Smith Program.  Participants in the Coach Rod Smith Program will receive financing from JMFS for the
development of their restaurant.  If a recipient chooses to participate in the Coach Rod Smith Program,
Company may allow you to finance the initial franchise fee or the real estate and construction fee, or both,
as part of the financing received from JMFS.

If you currently own the majority of at least one other JERSEY MIKE’S franchise, and you apply
for a new Area Development Agreement to develop three additional JERSEY MIKE’S franchises, you will
pay Company a reduced development fee of $25,500 if you agree to open all three Franchised Restaurants
prior to December 31, 2025.  This reduced development fee will not apply to an Area Development
Agreement to develop more than three JERSEY MIKE’S franchises.  If you do not open all three Franchised
Restaurants by December 31, 2025, Company may terminate your Area Development Agreement and any
Franchise Agreement you entered into pursuant to the Area Development Agreement for Franchised
Restaurants that have not opened yet.  Company will also waive the real estate and construction fee for each
Franchised Restaurant.  You will sign the Experienced Franchisee Program Addendum for each Franchise
Agreement you enter into pursuant to the Area Development Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit I to
this Disclosure Document.
If you currently own the majority of at least one other JERSEY MIKE’S franchise, and you apply
for a new JERSEY MIKE’s franchise without an Area Development Agreement, you will pay Company a
reduced initial franchise fee of $8,500, so long as you agree to open your new Franchised Restaurant by
December 31, 2025.  This reduced initial franchise fee will only apply to a maximum of three new JERSEY
MIKE’S franchises that you open.  If you do not open your new Franchised Restaurant by December 31,
2025, Company may terminate the Franchise Agreement.  You will also sign the Experienced Franchisee
Program Addendum, under which Company will waive the real estate and construction fee.

You must also pay Company $4,000 to connect your POS System (as referred to Item 7) to
Company’s private network before opening your Restaurant, the majority of which serves to reimburse
Company for its pre-payment to its designated supplier. In addition, you must pay Company $2,000 per
register for a POS license. We estimate this fee will be $2,000 to $4,000 for 1 to 2 registers.
These initial fees are typically uniform.  However, in 2023, due to extra training required, we
charged an initial franchise fee of $43,500 for the grant of a JERSEY MIKE’S franchise at two non-
traditional locations pursuant to a license agreement.  This does not mean we will agree to any discount or
reduction of the initial franchise fee.
Other than the foregoing, you are not required to pay us or our affiliates any other fees or payments
for goods or services before your Restaurant commences operation.

A Sub Above, LLC
2024 Franchise Disclosure Document.