ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Franchise Fee
The standard franchise fee for a 20-year Franchise Agreement term (including successor Franchise
Agreements) is $50,000.  However, the term of the Franchise Agreement may be shorter for non-traditional
Restaurants, as described in Items 1 and 7 of this disclosure document, or where property control is for a
shorter period.  The franchise fee is prorated for terms of different duration, subject to a minimum, which
is currently $15,000, except with respect to a Delivery Restaurant which has a franchise fee of $2,500. The
franchise fee is fully earned when we sign the Franchise Agreement or TRA/MTRA, as discussed below
and is not refundable. Unless otherwise indicated, the franchise fee is always due in full before the
Restaurant opens for business, and is not refundable.  (For a successor Franchise Agreement, you must pay
the fee at the time you sign the successor Franchise Agreement.).
Application Fee
In order to apply for a franchise for a BURGER KING Restaurant, you must complete and submit
a Franchise Application(s) (Exhibit B1) and pay at the time the application is submitted an application fee
of $250 per individual applicant even if the owner will be an entity and $5,000 for Entity ownership.  Each
Entity applicant must complete an Entity Application (Exhibit B2).  This fee is nonrefundable.
We currently offer the following programs under which we will lower the standard franchise fee or
require you to pay a deposit which may be credited towards your franchise fee.  We may discontinue any
of these programs at any time.  These programs do not apply to Delivery Restaurants.
Incentive Programs
2024 Multi-Unit New Development Incentive Program.
This program is only open to “Qualifying Franchisees” who agree, among other things to build at
least 3 to 10 new traditional Restaurants and certain non-traditional Restaurants (excluding captive and
institutional locations) in the BKoT Image over a 1- to 3-year period.  If you qualify for this program, you
must sign our Multiple Target Reservation Agreement (“MTRA”) (Exhibit C2) and any other documents
we require by January 31, 2023.  We will negotiate with you the number of Restaurants you must open each
year, but all Restaurants must open by November 30 of each year.  These Restaurants will qualify for
reduced royalty rates and advertising contributions.  The amount of the reduction will depend on the year
in which the Restaurants are to be opened.  (See Item 6 for more information.)
Within 60 days of signing the MTRA, you must pay us a nonrefundable deposit equal to the number
of Restaurants you agree to open in the first and last year under the MTRA multiplied by $50,000.  Of this
deposit, $50,000 will be applied to the standard franchise fee due for each Restaurant you open in the first
and last year under the MTRA.  If you fail to open a Restaurant when required under the MTRA, we will
extend the date to open that Restaurant to December 31 of the term year in which the Restaurant was
originally scheduled to be opened.  If you fail to open by December 31 of the term year in which the
Restaurant was originally scheduled to be open, the royalty rate and advertising contribution for that
Restaurant shall be the then current royalty rate and advertising contribution, you must pay the then standard
franchise fee due for that Restaurant, and you will forfeit all deposits paid.  If you fail a second time to open
a Restaurant by the time specified in the MTRA, or any extended date we agree to, the MTRA will terminate
and any incentives you may be receiving under this program for Restaurants opened under the MTRA will
terminate and the royalty will increase to the then current royalty rate and the advertising contribution for
Item 5
03/2024, amended 06/2024

the remainder of the term for each of these Restaurants, effective immediately upon the second opening
failure.
If you are receiving benefits under another program, you will not be eligible for this program.
Copies of the addenda to the MTRA and the Franchise Agreement you will sign for this program are
attached at Exhibits K1 and K2.
Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program.
If we have accepted you into the Reclaim the Flame 2 Remodel Program, you will commit to
complete a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel for certain Restaurants by remodel deadlines we set.  If you qualify
for this program, you must sign our Reclaim the Flame 2 Master Program Agreement (Exhibit X1) and any
other documents we require.  If you successfully complete a Reclaim the Flame 2 remodel by the required
deadline and sign a successor Franchise Agreement for the remodeled Restaurant (which will require you
to purchase additional term year(s)), the successor franchise fee for that Restaurant will equal $2,500 per
year for each additional year purchased (rounded up to the whole year).  Under the Reclaim the Flame 2
Remodel Program, you must purchase a number of additional term years for a remodeled Restaurant such
that the total number of years (inclusive of the original term remaining on your Franchise Agreement and
the additional years purchased in the successor franchise agreement) are equal to 20 years from the
applicable remodel deadline or, in the case of a Restaurant at which you lease the premises from BKC only,
the lesser number of years  that BKC owns, leases, or controls the premises where the Restaurant is located.
The various agreements under the program that you must sign are included at Exhibits X1 – X3.
Crown Your Career Program.
If we have offered you, and you have accepted, the opportunity to franchise one or more BURGER
KING Restaurant(s) under the Crown Your Career Program, you will sign the current form of Franchise
Agreement along with the current form of Crown Your Career Program agreements, which may differ from
the forms attached to this disclosure document.  We or our affiliate will sell to you the assets of the
BURGER KING Restaurant(s) at a purchase price determined at the time of the offer, which will vary based
on the location, condition and quantity of the assets included, our capital expenditures for that Restaurant(s),
number of BURGER KING Restaurants included in the sale, and other factors. The purchase price is due
upon the closing of the purchase and is nonrefundable.  You will also be responsible for other initial fees
as disclosed in this Item 5.  The current form of agreements under the program as of the issuance date of
this disclosure document are included at Exhibits Z1 – Z4.
First 100 New Sizzle Image Restaurants.
Certain Franchisees that have signed either a TRA, an MTRA, or a Development Agreement and
that are approved by us, in our sole discretion, to develop one of the first 100 Restaurants, as determined
by us in our sole discretion, in the Sizzle Image may qualify for a reduced initial franchise fee of $25,000
for a 20-year Franchise Agreement term and reduced royalty rates and advertising contribution rates (as
described in Item 6) at the approved Restaurant developed under the TRA, MTRA, or Development
Agreement.
Prior Incentive Programs.
In the past, we have offered various programs under which various fees were reduced.  Although
we no longer offer these programs, because Franchisees in these programs must sign various agreements
under the program, we have included those documents at Exhibits L1 – L3, N1 – N2, S1 – S2, and T1 –
T2.
Item 5
03/2024, amended 06/2024

Other Initial Fees
Franchise Fee Deposit.
You must sign a TRA (Exhibit C1) or an MTRA (Exhibit C2) if you wish to specify “Target
Area(s)” (as defined in the TRA or MTRA) to search for potential sites to develop one or more Restaurants.
When you sign the TRA, you pay a deposit of $5,000 (“TRA Deposit”) for the Restaurant opening
committed. When you sign the MTRA, you pay a deposit of $10,000 (“MTRA Deposit”) multiplied by the
number of Restaurant openings committed.   These amounts may be different if you are signing an MTRA
or TRA under one of the programs described above.  You may want to pursue more targets than the number
of Restaurant openings committed to in the TRA or MTRA.  We may grant you approval to pursue
additional Target Areas without requiring an additional deposit.  The MTRA will typically grant you more
Target Areas than Restaurant openings that you commit to.  We will credit the TRA Deposit or MTRA
Deposit against the initial franchise fee upon opening of the Restaurant, assuming the franchise fee is greater
than the TRA Deposit or MTRA Deposit.  We may waive the deposit for Institutional Target Areas and in
limited special situations.  Under the MTRA and TRA the deposit will be non-refundable, unless you decide
not to exercise your option to develop a Restaurant in the Target Area that we have proposed to you for
development either for ourselves or for a third party.  In this case, we can terminate the TRA or MTRA, as
applicable, and refund your remaining deposit.  Failure to utilize a Target Area due to 1) our disapproval
of the Site within the Target Area or disapproval of a Target Area in an MTRA; 2) significant real estate
constraints; 3) development of a neighboring restaurant rendering the Target Area economically unviable;
or 4) failure to obtain permits, will result in the deposit being applied to a substitute Target Area.  We do
not grant TRAs or MTRAs for Delivery Restaurants.
Development Agreements.
As described in Item 1 of this disclosure document, we occasionally grant Development
Agreements (Exhibit M1).  If you sign a Development Agreement, you must prepay $50,000 for each
Restaurant you commit to develop in the first development year and final development year under the
Development Agreement.  These amounts will be credited towards the initial franchise fees payable by you
as you develop Restaurants in the first and final development years until exhausted.  These prepaid initial
franchise fees are payable in 2 equal installments, with the first installment due upon signing the
Development Agreement and the second installment due within 180 days of signing the Development
Agreement.
For any Restaurant opened after these prepaid initial franchise fees are exhausted and for all
Restaurants developed in any development year other than the first and final development years, you must
pay an applicable initial franchise fee to us based on your FSS Development Grade.  To determine your
FSS Development Grade, we evaluate your operational performance using a system known as the
“Franchise Success System” (“FSS”), under which we assign a letter grade of “A”, “B”, “D”, or “F”.  The
“FSS Development Grade” is the average of all of your FSS grades, as we determine, received during the
12-month period preceding our issuance of the BK # for a Restaurant.  This FSS Development Grade is
also used for setting the royalty rate and advertising contribution (see Item 6) payable under the Franchise
Agreements for each Restaurant developed.  In determining your FSS Development Grade, if you have yet
to receive your first FSS letter grade at the time of our determination, then you will be deemed to have most
recently received a single FSS letter grade of “B” until such time as you have received an official actual
FSS letter grade.  In determining any FSS grade for these purposes, we may consider the performance of
the BURGER KING® restaurants owned and operated by you and your affiliates, by any other franchisee
owned by any of your owners, or by any other franchisee owned by any “Managing Owner” or “Operating
Partner” under any franchise agreement entered into by you or your affiliate.
Item 5
03/2024, amended 06/2024

For each Restaurant opened under the Development Agreement, you must sign our then-current
form of Franchise Agreement (which may vary substantially from the terms of the Franchise Agreements
included in this disclosure document), and pay us an initial franchise fee of: $25,000 if the FSS
Development Grade for that Restaurant is an “A”   or “B”; or the Base Fee amount if the FSS Development
Grade for that Restaurant is either a “D” or “F”.  With respect to the initial franchise fee, “Base Fee” means
the greater of $50,000 or the then-current standard (undiscounted) initial franchise fee required for new
franchisees. If your Restaurant is eligible to receive a reduced initial franchise fee from any other agreement
or program with us, you must select either that reduced initial franchise fee or the reduced initial franchise
fee provided under the Development Agreement, but you will not receive both reductions.
However, if you fail to meet the cumulative opening target for any development year under your
Development Agreement, you may cure this default by opening the number of Shortfall Restaurants (see