ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES

Single Paris Baguette Cafe

The initial franchise fee (“Initial Franchise Fee”) for a single Paris Baguette Cafe is fifty thousand dollars
($50,000). The Initial Franchise Fee must be paid prior to or concurrently with execution of the Franchise




Agreement and will not be refunded, fully or partially, under any circumstances. We offer reduced fees if you open
additional Paris Baguette Cafes.  The Initial Franchise Fee for your second Cafe, and for each subsequent Cafe, if
any, will be discounted to forty thousand dollars ($40,000).


Multiple Paris Baguette Cafes

If you commit to developing four or more Paris Baguette Cafes, you may be offered the opportunity to
sign an Area Development Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee for each Cafe that you open pursuant to the Area
Development Agreement will also be discounted to forty thousand dollars ($40,000). To enter into an Area
Development Agreement with us, you must pay an Area Development Fee (“Area Development Fee”) and an Initial
Franchise Fee as follows:

1. An Area Development Fee of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000) multiplied by the number of Cafes required to be
developed under the Development Schedule.  The Area Development Fee must be paid prior to or concurrently
with your execution of the Area Development Agreement and it will not be refunded, fully or partially, under any
circumstances.  This fee will be credited in increments of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000) against the discounted
Initial Franchise Fee for each Café developed under the Area Development Agreement provided that you are in
full compliance with the Development Schedule at all times under the Area Development Agreement; and
2. Twenty thousand dollars ($20,000), representing the remainder of the discounted Initial Franchise Fee (after
receiving the Area Development Fee credit), upon or prior to the execution of the Franchise Agreement for each
Cafe under the Development Schedule, provided however if you are not in full compliance with the Development
Schedule at all times under the Area Development Agreement you will not receive a credit from the Area
Development Fee you paid and will owe the full forty thousand dollars ($40,000) upon signing each franchise
agreement.
Variations to Initial Franchise Fee

If your Cafe will be majority-owned by a current member of the U.S. military or a former member who
was honorably discharged, you are eligible for a one-time fifteen percent (15%) discount on the Initial Franchise
Fee (the “Military Discount”) for your first Cafe. We reserve the right to modify or cancel the Military Discount at
any time.

Training

Prior to opening each of your Cafes, you must also complete our initial training program. Training for your
Operating Principal, the Cafe Manager and eight (8) to ten (10) food production personnel is included in the Initial
Franchise Fee.  Please note that any replacement Operating Principal, Cafe Manager or food production personnel
shall successfully complete Franchisor’s initial training program within ninety (90) days from when such persons
are designated.  At our option, this training course may occur at any of the training locations in the United States
that we designate during the Term. You are solely responsible for all costs and expenses, including travel and
lodging in connection with the training. Although we provide the initial training program at no additional cost for
the number of personnel listed above, you are responsible for the cost of all goods used as part of our on-site
training, which you must purchase from us.  We estimate the cost of these goods to be approximately $4,000. If
you desire to have additional personnel participate in the training program, we may provide initial training to such
additional personnel at any of our scheduled initial training courses at our then-current fee upon commencement
of the training program, which is currently $250 per day per trainer (maximum 8 hours per day) plus any out-of-
pocket expenses.





Opening Inventory

Before opening a Cafe, you must purchase an initial inventory of merchandise, products and supplies
needed for operation of the Cafe. You must purchase your initial inventory from us or our affiliates, or suppliers
approved by us.  The assortment and number of these items will be based upon the size and configuration of your
Cafe.  We estimate that the cost for the opening inventory that you will purchase from us or our affiliates is $36,000
to $48,000.

Bakery Equipment

Before opening you must purchase approved bakery equipment from us or our affiliate consisting of deck
ovens, racks and stands. We estimate the cost for this equipment will be $25,000 to $30,000.
Chairs

Prior to opening you will be required to purchase approximately 35-40 dining chairs and bar stools for
your Café from us or our affiliate.  We estimate the cost for the chairs and stools will be between $7,000-$8,000.

Smallwares

Prior to opening you must purchase certain smallwares for your Café from us or our affiliate.  We estimate
the cost for the initial smallwares you must purchase from us or our affiliate will be between $15,000 - $18,000.

Grand Opening Promotion

During the time period beginning 30 days before, and 60 days after, your Café opens, you must spend a
minimum of $12,500 which will be used on the grand opening marketing and advertising for your Café.  We reserve
the right to require you to pay these monies to us or our affiliate to be used on your behalf.

Software Setup Fees

Prior to opening you must pay to us or our affiliate software setup fees.  We estimate the cost for software
setup to be between $1,200-$1,500.


Background Checks and Asset Verification

As part of the application process, we will require a background check and asset verification for each of
your owners which is payable to us.  We estimate that the cost per person will be between $125-$500.

All fees and expenses described in this Item 5 are nonrefundable.