ITEM 5

INITIAL FEES
Development Fee
If you enter into a Development Agreement for the development of three (3) or more Franchised
Restaurants to be located at Travel Center Locations or Gas and Convenience Locations, you must pay
HR a Development Fee of $10,000 for each Franchised Restaurant you agree to develop at the time you
sign the Agreement (this includes the 2024 HR Travel Center Development Incentive Program).  The
Development Fee is not refundable.  If you execute a Franchise Agreement for a new Franchised
Restaurant pursuant to the Development Agreement, the $10,000 Development Fee associated with this
new Franchised Restaurant will be credited against the Initial Franchise Fee for such Franchised
Restaurant. With respect to each Franchised Restaurant developed under the Development Agreement,
you will execute the form of Franchise Agreement in use at the time you begin to develop the Franchised
Restaurant and the respective 2024 HR Travel Center Development Incentive Program Addendum or
2024 DIP Addendum, if applicable.
Initial Franchise Fee
The Initial Franchise Fee is $25,000, although the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee is reduced
to $15,000 for a Franchised Restaurant developed pursuant to the terms of a Development Agreement,
including any Conversion Restaurant.  You must pay HR the Initial Franchise Fee, less any Development
Fee already paid, when you execute the Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned
by HR when paid, and it is not refundable.  Under the Development Agreement, we will waive the
$15,000 Initial Franchise Fee for any Franchised Restaurant that opens 6 months prior to the contractual
opening date for the Franchised Restaurant as set forth in the Development Agreement.
Training Fees
Additional Franchise Management Training Program (“FMTP”)
HR currently provides the FMTP to you, your Operating Principal (if not previously trained),
your General Manager and 6 other employees whom you have hired as Shift Leaders, at no additional cost
HR-NT – FDD – 09/24

to you, provided that the training takes place within 2 years of your signing the Franchise Agreement.  We
reserve, however, the right to modify or waive the training required based on an individual’s or your
experience.  If HR has provided the FMTP to those individuals, and you desire that additional employees
attend the FMTP, they may do so, subject to space availability and your payment of a nonrefundable
Training Fee.  The Training Fee for each additional employee is $500 per person per week. You will be
required to pay all travel, living and other expenses incurred by you and your employees while attending
training.  You will be billed for the applicable number of weeks attended even if the person being trained
fails to complete the required training.

10-Day Operations Overview
As described in Item 1, we may require your 10% Owners to attend and successfully complete the
10-Day Operations Overview.  You may be required to pay a nonrefundable fee of up to $500 per person
for this training program.  You must pay all travel, living and other expenses incurred by your personnel
while attending the 10-Day Operations Overview.
All-Star Team Opening Training Support
You will receive opening assistance support from our All-Star Team (the “Opening Training
Support Team”) in connection with the opening of your Franchised Restaurant (or your first two
Franchised Restaurants if you are multi-restaurant developer).  You will be responsible to reimburse us
for the salaries, administrative fees, meals, travel and lodging expenses of the Opening Training Support
Team members while they are trainers at your Franchised Restaurant, which amounts you will be required
to pay to us within the month following completion of the opening of the Franchised Restaurant
(collectively such amounts, the “Opening Training Support Fee”).  We estimate that the Opening Training
Support Fees will range between $32,000 to $70,000.  We will determine, in our sole discretion, the level
of opening training support required for your Franchised Restaurant.  We reserve the right, in our sole
discretion, to modify the level of assistance provided by the Opening Training Support Team.
*
*
*
The preceding fees are uniform.  HR, in its sole discretion, may offer incentives to a specific
franchisee under certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where a franchisee agrees to
develop a significant number of Franchised Restaurants, a franchisee agrees to significantly accelerate his
historical development patterns, a franchisee agrees to develop Franchised Restaurants in a new territory,
a franchisee proposes to develop unique sites or a franchisee desires to rebuild its franchised restaurant at
the current site.  In those circumstances, among others as determined by us, HR may, among other things,
waive some or all of the Initial Franchise Fee, decrease the royalty fee for a period of time (as noted in