ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
You typically must pay us an initial franchise fee in full when you sign the Franchise
Agreement, although we may credit all or part of that franchise fee towards your Royalties if one
of our incentive programs (described below) applies.  Our standard initial franchise fee currently
is $35,000.  If, when signing the Franchise Agreement, you agree to operate the Restaurant at the
location of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant that another franchisee previously operated and closed
within the last year, the initial franchise fee is either (1) $5,000, if you are a franchisee in good
standing; or (2) $12,500.  If you sign a Franchise Agreement to develop a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, then you must pay us a pro-rated amount of $17,500
initial franchise fee depending on the pro-rated term granted to you under the Franchise Agreement
when you sign the Franchise Agreement and Non-Traditional Rider. The initial franchise fee is
used to cover, among other things, the costs of evaluating your proposed site, providing the initial
training program, and helping you develop and open your Restaurant (although the initial franchise
fee is not in exchange for any particular products, services, or assistance).
During our fiscal year ending January 1, 2024, we charged initial franchise fees ranging
from $0 to $35,000.  Initial franchise fees under Franchise Agreements are fully earned when paid
and not refundable under any circumstances.
Development Fee
If you sign our Development Rights Agreement, you must pay the development fee in full
when you sign the Development Rights Agreement.  The development fee equals $10,000 for each
Restaurant you agree to construct, develop, and operate under the development schedule but for
which you are not signing a Franchise Agreement concurrently with signing the Development
Rights Agreement.  The balance of the initial franchise fee for each Restaurant in the last group is
due when you sign the Franchise Agreement for that Restaurant.
We and you will determine the number of Restaurants you must develop, and the dates by
which you must develop them, before signing the Development Rights Agreement.  Except as we
describe below for our incentive programs, no portion of the development fee is refundable under
any circumstances.
Incentives
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify for the “New Restaurant Opening”
or “NRO” incentive program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to
develop and operate a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant outside the Select Developing Territory. You
may also qualify for the NRO incentive program if you sign a new Development Rights Agreement
on or before March 31, 2025 to develop two or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3
outside the Select Developing Territory. You may qualify for the NRO program if you sign the
Incentives Amendment (Exhibit C-1) to an existing Development Rights Agreement or
Development Rights Rider on or before March 31, 2025 to amend you existing development
schedule to add 1 or more new Jimmy John’s® Restaurants outside the Select Developing Territory
to the development schedule.
Lastly, you may also qualify for the NRO incentive program if (a) you sign a Franchise
Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop and operate a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant
outside the Select Developing Territory, (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed, the
Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days, and (c)
you are not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer.
Select Developing Markets Incentive. You may qualify for the “Select Developing
Markets” or “SDM” program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to
develop and operate a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant within the Select Developing Territory. You
may also qualify for the SDM program if you sign a new Development Rights Agreement on or
before March 31, 2025 to develop two or more Jimmy John’s® Restaurants, each located within
the Select Developing Territory. You may qualify for the SDM program if you sign the Incentives
Amendment (Exhibit C-1) to an existing Development Rights Agreement or Development Rights
Rider on or before March 31, 2025 to amend you existing development schedule to add 1 or more
new Jimmy John’s® Restaurants within the Select Developing Territory to the development
schedule. Lastly, you may also qualify for the SDM incentive program if (a) you sign a Franchise
Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop and operate a Jimmy John’s® Restaurant
within the Select Developing Territory, (b) as of the date the Franchise Agreement is signed, the
Restaurant that you wish to re-open was permanently closed for at least 30 calendar days, and (c)
you are not signing the Franchise Agreement in connection with a transfer. The “Select Developing
Territory” includes California, Connecticut, Delaware, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire,
New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington.
General Incentive Terms. Under the NRO and SDM incentive programs for single Jimmy
John’s® Restaurant development, you will pay the full initial franchise fee when you sign the
Franchise Agreement. Under the NRO and SDM incentive programs for multiple Jimmy John’s®
Restaurant development, you will pay the full development fee upon signing the Development
Rights Agreement and when you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply $10,000 of the
development fee towards the initial franchise fee, and you must pay us the remaining initial
franchise fee. If you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each agreement
between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Restaurants, you open the Restaurant
in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Development Rights
Agreement) when you open the Restaurant, submit all development costs to us within 120 days of
opening Restaurant, and you build the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the
location we approve, then for each new Restaurant you agree to develop and operate plus any
existing Restaurant(s) under the development schedule that you have not yet opened and
commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives Amendment to your existing
Development Rights Agreement or Development Rights Rider, we will credit the initial franchise
fee you paid, along with the portion of the development fee that we credited towards that initial
franchise fee, up to $25,000, towards the Royalty Fees owed under the Franchise Agreement, and
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3
you will pay reduced Royalty and Advertising and Development Fund contributions, as described
in Item 6.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights
and remedies (including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Development
Rights Agreement), the NRO and SDM incentive program will not apply to the Restaurant(s).
Except as provided above, the NRO and SDM incentive programs do not apply to franchisees
signing new Franchise Agreements to renew their expiring franchises or to develop and operate
the Restaurant at a Non-Traditional Location, as a relocation or replacement of an existing or
closed JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant (except as described above), or as part of a transfer or
acquisition of an existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant. In the future, we may modify or eliminate
any of our incentive programs.
Training
Our system provides initial management training for 2 people at no cost (3 people if you
are a first-time franchisee developing your first JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant).  However, if your
Operations Partner or on-site managers that you have designated to become certified cancel
participation in any training class or apprenticeship program that is part of this “no cost” initial
training, you must pay us a cancellation fee.  The cancellation fee is one-half of the then-applicable
training fee per person (depending on which class or program is involved) if they cancel more than
2 weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin (this per-person cancellation fee is $750
as of this disclosure document’s issuance date).  The cancellation fee is 100% of the then-
applicable training fee per person (depending on which class or program is involved) if they cancel
2 weeks or less before the class or program is scheduled to begin (this per-person cancellation fee
is $1,500 as of this disclosure document’s issuance date).
The cost for each additional trainee attending initial management training (after the first 2
people) is currently $1,500.  However, if you are a first-time franchisee opening your first JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant, this additional training fee is not charged for your third trainee for that first
Restaurant.  The cost for the District Manager training program is currently $2,000.
If your Operations Partner or on-site managers that you have designated to become certified
cancel participation in any management training class or apprenticeship program for which they
pre-register and pay a training fee, the training fee you paid will not be refunded or reimbursed.  If
participation is cancelled more than 2 weeks before the class or program is scheduled to begin,
one-half of the training fee will be applied as a credit towards a future training class or program.
However, if participation is cancelled 2 weeks or less before the class or program is scheduled to
begin, you will receive no credit at all.  Any credits that you might receive are transferable among
your affiliates and any other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you might own, but are not
transferable to other franchisees under any circumstances.
No costs are reimbursed if a training attendee is expelled (no matter the reason) from the
training program.  An expelled trainee must wait at least 6 months before he or she may reapply
to attend a training class (although re-admittance is not guaranteed and is in our judgment).  If a
previously expelled trainee is allowed to attend training, the training fee currently is $2,000.
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3
Assets of Existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
If you have the opportunity to buy the assets of an existing JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant
from JJE, you will sign an asset purchase agreement (and related materials) with JJE and a
Franchise Agreement with us.  You will pay JJE the applicable purchase price according to the
terms of the asset purchase agreement.  The purchase price for an affiliated JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant depends on the Restaurant’s age, location, condition, profitability, cash flow, and other
relevant market factors.  If you exercise the opportunity to purchase an affiliate-owned Restaurant,
then JJE and you will negotiate the appropriate purchase price.  The purchase price is not
refundable once paid.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and one or more Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial
fees due under each applicable Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement in addition to the initial
fees described in this Item. If you operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand
Location, you may qualify for one or more incentives described in Item 5 and Item 6.
If we permit you to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location,
you must pay us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur in connection with any
additional or specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its status as Multi-
Brand Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional
expenses for any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations
during 2024.