Item 5
INITIAL FEES
License Agreement
You must pay VIOCF a license fee of $30,000 for your first Center, regardless of whether the
Center is new construction (referred to in this disclosure document as a “ground-up Center”, and if more
than one, “ground-up Centers”) or a non-Valvoline Instant Oil Change facility that you convert to a
Valvoline Instant Oil Change Center (referred to in this disclosure document as a “conversion Center”, and
if more than one, “conversion Centers”).  Half of the license fee is paid upon signing the License Agreement
and the other half is paid on the date your first royalty payment to VIOCF is due.
If you open a second Center, you must pay VIOCF a license fee of $20,000, if the Center is a
ground-up Center, or $5,000, if the Center is a conversion Center, provided the conversion Center must be
a qualifying, independent, existing and currently operating as a quick lube facility that provides similar
services in a similar business format as required by VIOCF’s standards.  If you open a third Center,
regardless of whether a ground-up Center or a conversion Center, you must pay VIOCF a license fee of
$5,000.
If you sign a Development Agreement with VIOCF, the license fee you will pay for each Center is
$5,000.
If you purchase a Center from an existing VIOCF franchisee, the license fee you will pay to VIOCF
is $5,000 for the first Center and $2,500 for each subsequent Center that is purchased from the same existing
VIOCF franchisee.
All initial license fees are non-refundable.  Unless otherwise noted above, all fees are due in full at
the time the License Agreement is signed.  From time to time, VIOCF may reduce the amount of the license
fee or waive the requirement that you pay a license fee, if you open more than one conversion Center.
During VIOCF’s last fiscal year, it collected initial license fees ranging from $2,500 to $5,000.
Development Fee
If you sign a Development Agreement with VIOCF which allows you to open more than one
Center, you must pay VIOCF a non-refundable development fee of $5,000 for each conversion Center or
ground-up Center.  The minimum number of Centers that you must open under the Development Agreement
will be mutually agreed upon by you and VIOCF, but it will be at least 3 service centers.  VIOCF determines
the amount of the development fee, taking into account the amount of resources that VIOCF will need to
devote to the development of your Centers and to training your in-store personnel, as well as VIOCF’s lost
or deferred development opportunities as a result of development rights granted to you.  The development
fee is due upon signing of the Development Agreement.  During VIOCF’s last fiscal year, it collected
development fees ranging from $1,250 to $5,000.
Point-of-Sale System
For each Center that you operate, you must purchase a point-of-sale system (“POS System”) from
VIOCF, its affiliate or other vendors designated by VIOCF.  The estimated cost for the POS System is
$15,000 to $30,000, including installation.  You must pay the non-refundable fee for the POS System prior
to opening your Center.
VALVOLINE® Products
Prior to opening your Center, you must purchase certain products from VIOCF, an affiliate of
VIOCF or a supplier designated by VIOCF.  These products include bulk motor oils and packaged motor
oils (including conventional, semi-synthetic, and full synthetic motor oils), greases, other lubricants
(including automatic transmission fluids and gear oil), oil filters, air filters, cabin air filters, automotive
performance products (including fuel system cleaners, engine treatments and fuel additives), automotive
appearance products (including service chemicals, tire shine and leather cleaner and wax), and any other
automotive product marketed by Valvoline Inc. one of its affiliates, including VIOCF (collectively,
“VALVOLINE® Products”).  VIOCF estimates your costs for initial inventory of VALVOLINE® Products
will be $28,750 to $62,050.  Return of the VALVOLINE® Products and the amount of any refund to you
upon return are subject to then-current return and refund policies.
Start-up Supplies
You must purchase general office supplies and small tools and other shop-related items such as a
sockets, drill bits, pliers, wrenches, screwdrivers, a shop vacuum, tool boxes and, rolling carts, and other
items needed in order to operate your Center (see ITEM 7 of this disclosure document for a description of
additional start-up supplies).  As of the original issuance date of this disclosure document, you may purchase
start-up supplies from VIOCF or third-party suppliers.  The estimated cost for start-up supplies is $22,000 to
$30,000.  Amounts paid for start-up supplies are non-refundable.
Site Selection Assistance
VIOCF provides you with some site selection assistance, including on-site assistance if VIOCF
determines on-site assistance is needed.  You may request additional assistance, but if your requests are
excessive, then you must pay VIOCF’s reasonable expenses incurred in connection with this additional site
selection assistance, including VIOCF’s costs of travel, lodging, employee wages, and meals.  VIOCF
estimates the range of fees for this on-site selection assistance to be $0 to $5,000, excluding potential
additional fees related to excessive requests.