ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
You must pay us an initial franchise fee of $54,000. The initial fee is due when you sign
the Franchise Agreement. Except as provided below, the initial fee is not refundable under any
circumstances. The initial franchise fee may be subject to applicable discounts, as described
below.
To reserve the availability of a market prior to signing the Franchise Agreement, we may
allow you to enter into a Deposit Agreement with us (see Exhibit H).  A Deposit Agreement may
be entered into at least 14 calendar days after you receive a Franchise Disclosure Document. The
Deposit Agreement will require you to make a deposit payment of $27,000 to reserve the
availability of a market. If you then enter into a Franchise Agreement with us, we will apply the
deposit payment toward the initial franchise fee. If you choose not to purchase a franchise, we
will refund $24,300 of your original deposit payment. To receive this refund, you must notify us
in writing that you are withdrawing your request to be considered as a franchisee within 90 days
after the date of the Deposit Agreement. The entire deposit payment of $27,000 will be refunded
to you if we decide, at our discretion, not to approve you as a franchisee.
1)
VetFran Discount
As a member of the International Franchise Association (“IFA”), we participate in the
IFA’s VetFran Program. A discount of 20% off the initial franchise fee (reduced initial franchise
fee is $43,200) is available to honorably discharged veterans of the United States Armed Forces
who do not currently own a Home Instead franchise and who otherwise meet our requirements to
purchase a franchise. In determining who is a “veteran,” we may be guided, in whole or in part,
by any definitions we find appropriate, including definitions used by the federal government of
the United States, in determining who is eligible for federal benefits intended for veterans.
2)
Mission to Service Veteran Scholarship Program
If you are a qualified veteran, or you are the spouse of a qualified veteran, you may be
eligible to apply for a waiver of your initial franchise fee. From June to October each year, veterans
and spouses of veterans can apply to receive this incentive. This incentive is offered for up to two
qualified applicants per year.
Training Fees
As a part of your initial franchise fee, we will provide initial franchise training and training
materials for up to two people. If you elect to have more than two people attend our franchise
training program, you must pay the estimated costs of $1,500 per additional person for training
and materials and $750 per additional hotel room. You are responsible for travel expenses to and
from the training site and for some limited meal costs for you and your employees.
Except for the circumstances described in this Item 5, we do not refund any initial fee.
We uniformly impose all fees described in this Item 5. All fees described in this Item 5 are
collected by and payable to us. During 2023, we received initial franchise fees ranging from
$43,200 to $54,000.