ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee.  The initial franchise fee (the “Initial Franchise Fee”) is currently $35,000.
Except as provided below, you must pay to us the entire Initial Franchise Fee upon the execution
of the Franchise Agreement for the Restaurant.  If you are unable (after what we deem, in our
reasonable discretion, to be a commercially reasonable effort) to locate a site for the Restaurant
that is acceptable to us and the Restaurant is not being developed pursuant to a Development
Agreement, we will refund to you 50% of the Initial Franchise Fee paid to us, provided that you
and your owners enter into a mutual termination of the Franchise Agreement, in a form acceptable
to us, and release us and our affiliates from all claims.  The other 50% of the Initial Franchise Fee
is nonrefundable and will be retained by us. (This refund is not available for Restaurants
developed in accordance with a Development Agreement.)
We may decrease the Initial Franchise Fee periodically for Restaurants in certain markets that we
have particularly targeted for growth.  Otherwise, the Initial Franchise Fee is uniform for all
franchisees.  In our 2023 fiscal year, the Initial Franchise Fees we collected ranged from $0 to
$35,000.
Development Incentive Programs. If you are in good standing with us, you meet the criteria for
one of our Development Incentive Programs to develop a new Restaurant, and you sign the
Development Incentive Program Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit K), then you

Zaxby's - 04/24 FDD
-9-

may be eligible for one of the following incentives where we will refund your Initial Franchise Fee
and reduce your Royalty (see Item 6):
New Restaurant Opening Incentive Program.  If you: (i) sign a Franchise Agreement,
sign the Development Incentive Program Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, and receive
Real Estate Committee Approval for a new Restaurant site by June 30, 2024; and (ii) you open
your new Restaurant in a Core Market between August 25, 2023 and December 31, 2024 in full
compliance with the Development Schedule set forth in your Development Agreement with us, if
applicable, and the Real Estate Committee Approval Deadline, Construction Commencement
Deadline and Opening Deadline set forth in your Franchise Agreement with us, then we will:
(i) refund the Initial Franchise Fee paid by you when you open your Restaurant; and (ii) reduce
the Royalty to 2% of Gross Sales for the first year after the Restaurant first opens for business
and to 4% of Gross Sales for the second year after the Restaurant first opens for business.  If you
receive the New Restaurant Opening Incentive, then you are not eligible to receive the
Construction Commencement Incentive.
Select Market Incentive Program.  If you sign a Franchise Agreement, sign the
Development Incentive Program Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, and open a new
Restaurant in any state that we approve for development that is not Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, or Tennessee (each, a “Core Market”)
between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2026 in full compliance with the Development
Schedule set forth in your Development Agreement, if applicable, and the Real Estate Committee
Approval Deadline, Construction Commencement Deadline and Opening Deadline set forth in
your Franchise Agreement, then we will (i) refund the Initial Franchise Fee paid by you when you
open your Restaurant; and (ii) reduce the Royalty to 0% of Gross Sales for the first year after the
Restaurant first opens for business and to 3% of Gross Sales for the second year after the
Restaurant first opens for business.
Development Fee.  If you are a Developer, upon signing the Development Agreement, you will
remit to us 50% of the aggregate Initial Franchise Fees to be paid for all Restaurants to be opened
under the Development Agreement (the “Development Fee”).  The Development Fee will be
credited towards 50% of the Initial Franchise Fee due under each Franchise Agreement for each
Restaurant that you commit to developing pursuant to the Development Agreement.  Upon signing
each Franchise Agreement (including the initial Franchise Agreement), the remaining 50% of the
Initial Franchise Fee for such Franchise Agreement will be due.  For example, if you agree to
develop five Restaurants, you will remit to us $105,000 upon execution of the Development
Agreement ($35,000 for the initial Restaurant and 50% of $140,000 for the remaining four
Restaurants).  You will then remit the remainder of each Initial Franchise Fee ($17,500 for each
of the remaining four Restaurants (50% of $35,000)), upon execution of each Franchise
Agreement for each Restaurant.
Impact Study Fee. If you sign a Franchise Agreement and desire to develop your Restaurant
within five miles of another Zaxby’s restaurant (“Existing Restaurant”), Zaxby’s will notify the
operator of the Existing Restaurant, which may be a franchisee or one of our affiliates.  If the
Existing Restaurant operator requests Zaxby’s to order an impact study from a third-party provider
and pays a $3,000 fee, then you must also pay a $3,000 impact study fee (“Impact Study Fee”).
Once the Impact Study Fee is received by us, we will order an impact study from the third party.
If the impact study predicts that the Gross Sales of the Existing Restaurant will be impacted by
less than 10%, then we will refund your Impact Study Fee.  If the impact study predicts that the
Gross Sales of the Existing Restaurant will be impacted by 10% to 15%, then we will refund 50%

Zaxby's - 04/24 FDD
-10-

of your Impact Study Fee.  If the impact study predicts that the Gross Sales of the Existing
Restaurant will be impacted by more than 15%, then we will not refund your Impact Study Fee.
Initial Marketing Contribution.  In addition to the Initial Franchise Fees payable under the
Franchise Agreement and Development Agreement, you must pay to us at least five days prior to
the opening of your Restaurant a sum (as determined by us, in our discretion) between $5,200
and $10,000, which we will spend on your behalf pursuant to your initial marketing plan (the “Initial
Marketing Contribution”), as further described in Item 11.
Additional On-Site Inspection Fee.  If we determine, in our sole discretion, that you require
more than two on-site inspections during the construction of your Restaurant, you must pay us a
construction and pre-opening operational inspection fee equal to our actual costs and expenses
(including costs of personnel, meals, lodging, travel and related expenses), which shall be no less
than $500 per additional inspection.
Additional Training Fee.  If more than four of your managers attend initial training, you must pay
us $2,500 per additional attendee for manager training.
VetFran Program.  We participate in the International Franchise Association’s VetFran Program
where we offer a 20% discount (which is $7,000) off of the Initial Franchise Fee owed by veterans
of the United States military.  In order to receive the discount, you (or a holder of at least 25% of
your ownership interests) must provide us with a DD Form 214 or other adequate documentation,
as determined by us, demonstrating honorable discharge from the United States military and sign
a VetFran Addendum to the Franchise Agreement (Exhibit L).  The discount will only be applied
to the first five new Restaurants that a veteran opens.  After you open a Restaurant that received
a reduced Initial Franchise Fee under the VetFran Program but prior to the first anniversary of the
opening date of the Restaurant, if (1) you transfer the Restaurant (or if you are an entity, any
equity interests in you are transferred); or (2) we terminate the Franchise Agreement for the
Restaurant, then you must pay to us the portion of the Initial Franchise Fee that was reduced by
us in the amount of $7,000.
Non-refundable.  Except as provided above, no other fee or payment is payable to us or our
affiliates prior to the opening of the Restaurant.  All fees in this Item 5 are nonrefundable (except
as provided above for the Initial Franchise Fee), payable to us, and deemed earned upon receipt.