ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Development Fee
If you enter into a Development Agreement, you must pay CJR a Development Fee of $10,000 for
each Franchised Restaurant you agree to develop at the time you sign the Agreement.  The Development
Fee is not refundable. If you execute a Franchise Agreement for a new Franchised Restaurant pursuant to
the Development Agreement, the $10,000 Development Fee associated with this new Franchised Restaurant
will be credited against the Initial Franchise Fee for such Franchised Restaurant. If you enter into a
Development Agreement, you will execute the form of Franchise Agreement in use at the time you enter

CJR-TR –FDD – 05/24

into a lease or sublease for, or take fee title to, the real property upon which the Franchised Restaurant will
be developed.
Initial Franchise Fee
The Initial Franchise Fee is $25,000, although the balance of the Initial Franchise Fee due to CJR
is reduced to $15,000 for a Restaurant developed pursuant to the terms of a Development Agreement.  You
must pay CJR the Initial Franchise Fee, less any Development Fee already paid, when you execute the
Franchise Agreement.  The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by CJR when paid, and it is not refundable.
Training Fees
Additional FMTP Training
CJR currently provides the FMTP training to you, your Operating Principal (if not previously
trained), your General Manager and 6 other employees who you have hired as Shift Leaders at no additional
cost to you, provided the training takes place within 2 years of your signing the Franchise Agreement.  We
reserve, however, the right to modify or waive the training required based on an individual’s or your
experience.  If CJR has provided FMTP training to those individuals and you desire that additional
employees attend the FMTP, they may do so, subject to space availability and your payment of a
nonrefundable Training Fee.  The Training Fee for each additional employee is $500 per person per week.
You will be required to pay all travel, living and other expenses incurred by your employees while attending
training.  You will be billed for the applicable number of weeks attended if the person being trained fails to
complete the required training.
All-Star Team Opening Training Support
You will receive opening assistance support from our All-Star Team (the “Opening Training
Support Team”) in connection with the opening of your Franchised Restaurant (or your first two Franchised
Restaurants if you are multi-restaurant developer).  You will be responsible to reimburse us for the salaries,
administrative fees, meals, travel and lodging expenses of the Opening Training Support Team members
while they are trainers at your Franchised Restaurant, which amounts you will be required to pay to us
within the month following completion of the opening of the Franchised Restaurant (collectively such
amounts, the “Opening Training Support Fee”).  We estimate that the Opening Training Support Fees will
range between $30,000 to $70,000.  We will determine, in our sole discretion, the level of opening training
support required for your Franchised Restaurant.  We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify the
level of assistance provided by the Opening Training Support Team.
10-Day Operations Overview
We may require those individuals who will have a 10% or greater interest in the franchisee entity
to attend and successfully complete the 10-Day Operations Overview.  You may be required to pay a
nonrefundable fee of up to $500 per person for this training program.  You must pay all travel, living and
other expenses incurred by your personnel while attending the 10-Day Operations Overview.
* * *
The preceding fees are uniform.  CJR, in its sole discretion, may offer incentives to a specific
franchisee under certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where a franchisee agrees to
develop a significant number of Franchised Restaurants, a franchisee agrees to significantly accelerate his
historical development patterns, a franchisee agrees to develop Franchised Restaurants in a new territory,

CJR-TR –FDD – 05/24

or a franchisee proposes to develop unique sites.  In those circumstances, among others as determined by
us, CJR may, among other things, waive some or all of the initial fees, decrease the royalty fee for a period
of time (as noted in Item 6), and/or extend the time for a franchisee to comply with its remodel obligations
for some or all of its existing Franchised Restaurants.