ITEM 5:
INITIAL FEES
Franchise Agreement
Initial Franchise Fee, Baskin-Robbins Restaurant. You must pay us an initial franchise fee (“IFF”)
equal to $25,000 when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
Initial Franchise Fee, Baskin-Robbins Restaurant at a Gas Station or Convenience Store. If you
will operate a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant from a gas station or convenience store (“Gas & Convenience
Restaurant”), the IFF will be pro-rated by the length of the term granted under the Franchise Agreement.
For example, if the term will be 10 years, the IFF due upon signing the Franchise Agreement will be
$12,500.
Initial Franchise Fee, Baskin-Robbins Restaurant operating from an SDO Location. If you will
operate the Restaurant from an SDO location, the IFF will be 50% of the standard IFF and pro-rated by the
length of the term granted under the Franchise Agreement. For example, if the term will be 10 years, the
IFF due upon signing the Franchise Agreement will be $6,250.
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
Initial Franchise Fees, Combo Restaurants. If you are being granted the right to develop a Combo
Restaurant, you must pay us an IFF equal to $10,000 when you sign the Combo Franchise Agreement.
Additionally, you will pay DD the then-current initial franchise fee.
Initial Franchise Fees, General Notes. In our fiscal year ending December 31, 2023, the IFF paid
by our franchisees ranged from $0 to $25,000.
Training Fees. You must pay us our then-current initial access fee to The Center, our online training
program, which is currently $300 (the “The Center Initial Access Fee”). The Center Initial Access Fee is
due and payable when you sign the Franchise Agreement.
The “Initial Training Fee” is $2,750 per person to attend the initial training program. The Initial
Training Fee for the first 2 people to attend the initial training program are included in the IFF, and you
must pay the Initial Training Fee for the third or subsequent individuals to attend the initial training
program. However, if you are a new franchisee entering the System through the acquisition of 1 or more
Baskin-Robbins Restaurants, you must pay us a training fee equal to $2,750. Additionally, if you are a new
franchisee entering the System through the acquisition of 1 or more Baskin-Robbins Restaurants operating
at SDO locations, you must pay us a training fee equal to $1,800. If you cancel a scheduled training, you
must pay us our then-current cancellation fee. Our current cancellation fee is $500 per person if you cancel
less than 2 weeks before the scheduled class.
Marketing Start-Up Fee. In connection with the opening, re-opening, relocation, or remodel of your
Restaurant, you must undertake promotional activities in the manner and to the extent that we prescribe in
accordance with our Standards, which we will provide to you. Unless you qualify for an incentive, if your
Restaurant will be a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant, a Gas & Convenience Restaurant, or if you add a Baskin-
Robbins Restaurant to an existing Dukin’ restaurant and you are not required to remodel the Restaurant,
you must spend at least $6,000 (the “Standard Marketing Start-Up Fee”). If your Restaurant will be a
Combo Restaurant, you must spend at least $10,000 (the “Combo Marketing Start-Up Fee”). If you are re-
opening your Restaurant after relocating in accordance with the terms of your Franchise Agreement and
our Standards, you must spend at least $3,500 (the “Relocation Marketing Start-Up Fee”). Lastly, if your
Restaurant will be operated from an SDO location, or if you are re-opening your Restaurant after completing
a remodel, you must spend at least $3,000 (the “Reduced Marketing Start-Up Fee”). If you fail to administer
the promotional programs, we may require you to pay the Standard Marketing Start-Up Fee, Combo
Marketing Start-Up Fee, Relocation Marketing Start-Up Fee, and/or Reduced Marketing Start-Up Fee to
us or our approved vendors to conduct these activities on your behalf.
Reimbursement of Expenses. If you or your architect are not prepared for a scheduled meeting when
required, you must reimburse us for certain out-of-pocket costs.
Real Estate. If you lease or sublease the Premises from our affiliate, you may be required to pay
our affiliate a security deposit or other charges payable under the sublease before the business opens. The
security deposit is refundable at the end of the lease or sublease term if, after we conduct or receive a final
accounting from the landlord under the prime lease, and you have no outstanding financial obligations to
us or our affiliates.
Store Development Agreement
Initial Franchise Fees, Store Development Agreement. You must pay us an IFF for each Baskin-
Robbins Restaurant and Combo Restaurant you agree to develop under the Store Development Agreement.
You must pay 25% of the IFF for each Restaurant you agree to develop at the time you sign the Store
Development Agreement. You must pay the remaining portion of the IFF on the either the date that is 6
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
months before the Required Opening Date (as identified in the Store Development Agreement) or the
Restaurant’s actual opening date, whichever is earlier.
Incentive Programs
New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify to participate in the “New Restaurant
Opening” or “NRO” incentive program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to
develop and operate 1 Restaurant in the NRO Territory (defined below). You may also qualify to participate
in the NRO incentive program if you sign a new Store Development Agreement on or before March 31,
2025 to develop 2 to 3 new Restaurants in the NRO Territory. You may also qualify to participate in the
NRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment (Exhibit D-3) in connection with the
amendment of your existing Store Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to amend the
agreement to add 1 to 3 new Restaurants in the NRO Territory to your existing development schedule. The
“NRO Territory” means all areas of the United States excluding Alaska, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
Washington and the Central States Territory. The “Central States Territory” means certain designated areas
in Arkansas, Georgia, Kansas, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Tennessee.
Under the NRO incentive program for the development of a single Baskin-Robbins Restaurant, you
will pay the full IFF when you sign the Franchise Agreement. Additionally, for the development of multiple
Baskin-Robbins Restaurants, you will pay the full development fee upon signing the Store Development
Agreement and when you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply the 25% of the IFF towards the
IFF due under the Franchise Agreement, and you must pay us the remaining IFF when you commence
operations of the Restaurant. Under the NRO, if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with
each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Restaurant, you open the
Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Store Development
Agreement), you submit development costs to us within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, and you build
the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then for each new
Restaurants you agree to develop and operate plus any existing Restaurants under the development schedule
that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives
Amendment to your existing Store Development Agreement, (a) you will only be required to spend $3,000
towards the Marketing Start-Up Fee per Restaurant and we will contribute $3,000 towards the Marketing
Start-Up Fee per Restaurant, and (b) you will pay reduced CFF and CAF as described in Item 6.
Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify to participate in the “Deeper New
Restaurant Opening” or “Deeper NRO” incentive program if you sign a new Store Development Agreement
on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 4 or more new Restaurants in the Deeper NRO Territory. You may
also qualify to participate in the Deeper NRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment to
an existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to amend your existing Store
Development Agreement to add 4 or more new Restaurants in the Deeper NRO Territory to your existing
development schedule. The “Deeper NRO Territory” means all areas of the United States excluding Alaska,
Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington and the Central States Territory.
Under the Deeper NRO incentive programs for the development of multiple Baskin-Robbins
Restaurants, you will pay the full development fee upon signing the Store Development Agreement and
when you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply the 25% of the IFF towards the IFF due under the
Franchise Agreement, and you must pay us the remaining IFF when you commence operations of the
Restaurant. Under the Deeper NRO, if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each
agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Restaurant, you open the Restaurant
in compliance with the Store Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement, you submit
development costs to us within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, and you build the Restaurant in the
design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then for each new Restaurants you agree to
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
develop and operate plus any existing Restaurants under the development schedule that you have not yet
opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives Amendment to your existing
Store Development Agreement (a) the initial franchise fee due under the Franchise Agreement will be
$12,500, (b) you will only be required to spend $3,000 towards the Marketing Start-Up Fee per Restaurant
and we will contribute $3,000 towards the Marketing Start-Up Fee per Restaurant, and (c) and you will pay
reduced CFF and CAF as described in Item 6.
Alternative Deeper New Restaurant Opening Incentive. You may qualify to participate in the
“Alternative Deeper New Restaurant Opening” or “ADNRO” incentive program if you sign a new Store
Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to develop 4 or more new Restaurants in the ADNRO
Territory. You may also qualify to participate in the ADNRO incentive program if you sign the Incentive
Amendment to an existing Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to amend your existing
Store Development Agreement to add 4 or more new Restaurants in the ADNRO Territory to your existing
development schedule. The “ADNRO Territory” means Alaska, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
Washington and the Central States Territory.
Under the ADNRO incentive programs for the development of multiple Baskin-Robbins
Restaurants, you will pay the full development fee upon signing the Store Development Agreement and
when you sign each Franchise Agreement, we will apply the 25% of the IFF towards the IFF due under the
Franchise Agreement, and you must pay us the remaining IFF when you commence operations of the
Restaurant. Under the ADNRO, if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with each
agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Restaurant, you open the Restaurant
in compliance with the Store Development Agreement and the applicable Franchise Agreement, you submit
development costs to us within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, and you build the Restaurant in the
design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then for each new Restaurants you agree to
develop and operate plus any existing Restaurants under the development schedule that you have not yet
opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives Amendment to your existing
Store Development Agreement (a) the initial franchise fee due under the Franchise Agreement will be
$12,500, (b) you will only be required to spend $3,000 towards the Marketing Start-Up Fee per Restaurant,
and we will contribute $3,000 towards the Marketing Start-Up Fee per Restaurant, and (c) and you will pay
reduced CFF and CAF as described in Item 6.
New Restaurant Capital Contribution Incentive. The “New Restaurant Capital Contribution” or
“NRCC” incentive program is designed to provide assistance to franchisees who desire to develop and
operate new traditional, standalone Restaurants located in certain geographic areas. You may qualify to
participate in the NRCC incentive program if you sign a Franchise Agreement on or before March 31, 2025
to develop a new Baskin-Robbins Restaurant within the NRCC Market. You may also qualify to participate
in the NRCC incentive program if you sign a new Store Development Agreement to develop 2 or more new
Restaurants, each located within the NRCC Market. You may also qualify to participate in the NRCC
incentive program if you sign the Incentive Amendment in connection with the amendment of your existing
Store Development Agreement on or before March 31, 2025 to amend add 1 or more new Restaurants to
your existing development schedule, each located within the NRCC Market. The “NRCC Market” currently
includes Alaska, Idaho, Hawaii, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and the Central States Territory.
Under the NRCC incentive program, if you (and your affiliates) are in substantial compliance with
each agreement between you (or your affiliates) and us when you open the Restaurant, you open the
Restaurant in compliance with the Franchise Agreement (and, if applicable, the Store Development
Agreement), you submit development costs to us within 120 days of opening the Restaurant, and you build
the Restaurant in the design, to the specifications, and at the location we approve, then for each new
Restaurants you agree to develop and operate plus any existing Restaurants under the development schedule
that you have not yet opened and commenced operations of as of the date you sign the Incentives
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
Amendment to your existing Store Development Agreement, you will only be required to spend $3,000
towards the Marketing Start-Up Fee per Restaurant, and we will contribute $3,000 towards the Marketing
Start-Up Fee per Restaurant.
If you fail to satisfy any of the applicable conditions, then, without limiting our other rights and
remedies (including the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement and/or Store Development Agreement),
the NRO, Deeper NRO, ADNRO, and NRCC incentive programs will not apply to the Restaurant(s). The
NRO, Deeper NRO, ADNRO, and NRCC incentive programs do not apply to franchisees signing new
Franchise Agreements (a) to renew their expiring franchises, (b) to develop and operate the Restaurant from
an SDO location, (c) as a relocation or replacement of an existing or closed Restaurant, or (d) as part of a
transfer or acquisition of an existing Restaurant. The NRO, Deeper NRO, ADNRO, and NRCC incentive
programs do not apply to Combo Restaurants.
Multi-Brand Locations
If we and an Other Franchisors grant you the right to open and operate a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant
and Other Restaurant(s) at a Multi-Brand Location, you must pay all initial fees due under each applicable
Other Franchisor’s franchise agreement, in addition to the initial fees described in this Item 5. If you operate
a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant at a Multi-Brand Location, you may qualify for 1 or more incentives described
in Item 5 and Item 6. Additionally, you must pay us any training fees and additional expenses that we incur
in connection with any additional or specialized training required for the Restaurant’s personnel due to its
status as Multi-Brand Location. We currently do not charge or expect to charge a fee or incur any additional
expenses for any additional or specialized training we may provide for Multi-Brand Locations during 2024.
General Notes
Unless noted above, all initial payments to us and our affiliates are non-refundable. We reserve the
right to reduce or waive any of the above initial fees for franchisees on a case-by-case basis under certain
circumstances.