ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES

The initial fees include an initial license fee of $8,000 to $16,000 plus additional fees and payments
ranging between $137,800 and $147,800 for goods and services we provide you before your franchise
opens.  The following formula determines these initial fees:

Initial License Fee
$8,000 - $16,000
Initial Inventory
$135,000 - $145,000
Software License Fee
$2,800
Total
$145,800 – 163,800

Except as otherwise described, the initial fees are uniform.

Initial License Fee.  The initial license fee of $16,000 includes your initial training, which we estimate
to have a cost of $3,800 (See Item 11), your technology package, which we estimate to have a cost
of $3,200 (See Item 11), and a turnkey office supply package, which we estimate to have a cost of
$400.  Under the following circumstances the initial license fee and what is included in the initial license
fee will vary:

(a)
Additional Franchise.  If you are purchasing an Additional Franchise, which includes the
purchase of assets by an existing franchisee from an existing franchisee to add an additional franchise
or if you currently operate an additional van under a Franchise Agreement and meet all the
requirements to make that a franchise, your initial license fee will be $16,000 and you will receive
initial training for your employee, the technology package and the turnkey office supply package.
(b)
Renewal Franchise.  If you are purchasing a Renewal Franchise, you pay an initial license fee
of $8,000.  This fee does not include initial training, the technology package or the turnkey office supply
package.
(c)
Transfer Franchise.  If you are purchasing a Transfer Franchise, other than as an Additional
Franchise, you will pay a transfer fee of $16,000, unless a different transfer fee is specified in the
selling franchisee’s Franchise Agreement.  You will receive initial training for you or your employee
and the technology package, as well as the turnkey office supply package.

Initial Inventory.  You must purchase an initial inventory, which we pre-select for you, with a
suggested retail price approximately between $202,000 to $218,000 and a cost to you approximately
between $135,000 to $145,000.  Except in the case of a Transfer Franchise, we pre-select your initial
inventory so that you have a balanced inventory to start your franchise.  After the initial inventory, you
will make all decisions regarding inventory items you desire to purchase.  Under the following
circumstances, you will pay a lesser amount for your initial inventory or receive additional inventory
without cost to you:

(a)
Additional Franchise.  From time to time during the effective period of this disclosure document,
Snap-on may offer an inventory incentive to you, if you are purchasing an Additional Franchise.  Any
inventory incentive is at no cost to you.
(b)
Veterans Discount.  If the principal owner is a veteran of the United States Armed Forces who
has been honorably discharged and you are purchasing your initial Snap-on franchise, you will receive
inventory with a franchisee cost of $20,000 at no cost to you (“Veterans Discount”).
(c)
Employee Discount.  From time to time during the effective period of this disclosure document,
Snap-on may make available to certain groups of Snap-on employees the opportunity to purchase an
initial Snap-on franchise and provide a discount on the initial inventory.  An employee who qualifies
for the Veteran’s Discount is not eligible for any employee discount, but will receive the Veteran’s
Discount.


02/24
(d)
Unassociated Dealer.  If you are currently in the business of selling and servicing tools for
professional mechanics and other customers in the automotive aftermarket and related businesses,
but you are not associated with us (“Unassociated Dealer”), we may provide you with a portion of your
initial inventory, without cost to you, at the time you become a Franchisee.

If you are purchasing a Transfer Franchise or Renewal Franchise, you will not be required to purchase
additional inventory as long as your initial inventory meets our minimum inventory requirement.

Software License Fee.  You will need to use the Snap-on software program described in Item 11.
You must pay us the Software License Fee, which is currently $2,800, plus any applicable tax.  This
fee is not applicable if you are purchasing a Renewal Franchise.

The initial license fee and Software License Fee are non-refundable.  Inventory is subject to our tool
return policy, which is described in Note 3 of Item 7.