ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Affiliation Fee

The affiliation fee for each new Ace location is five thousand dollars ($5,000).  The affiliation fee will be billed
on your first Ace store statement, which will be issued the month after your membership is approved and your
store number is activated in our system. This affiliation fee is non-refundable.  The affiliation fee is uniform
for all members in the United States unless you qualify for a waiver.

We will waive the $5,000 affiliation fee if 1) you own a retail hardware store that is affiliated with another
hardware wholesaler and convert it to an Ace Hardware store; 2) you are purchasing a retail hardware store
that is affiliated with another hardware wholesaler and convert it to an Ace Hardware store; or 3) there is a
change of ownership among family members of an existing Ace Hardware store.

We will also waive the $5,000 affiliation fee for any new Ace Hardware store if you are a veteran or an active
duty serviceperson and qualify for the Veterans’ Incentive Program.  The Veterans’ Incentive Program is
available to all individuals who either have received an honorable discharge from one of the U.S. Armed Forces
(i.e., Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, Marine Corps or Navy) or are currently serving in one of the U.S. Armed
Forces and are eligible to receive an honorable discharge.  Any veteran choosing to take advantage of The
Veteran’s Incentive Program will be required to submit their honorable discharge papers (DD 214) at the time
they submit their application. If you are a legal entity and not an individual, an individual meeting these
eligibility requirements must own at least 50% of the entity.  We reserve the right to extend, change or
discontinue the Veterans’ Incentive Program at any time.


If you are not already a member of our cooperative (or a store in a group owned or controlled by you is not
already a member), you must submit three different types of signed agreements. One of these is an Ace
Hardware Membership Agreement (Nonbranded).  Another is the Ace Brand Agreement. The third one is the
Subscription for Capital Stock Agreement, under which you subscribe for shares of our capital stock having a
total par value of $5,000.  Copies of these agreements are attached to this disclosure document as Exhibits A,
B and C, respectively.
A separate application, Membership Agreement (Nonbranded) (Exhibit A), Ace Brand Agreement (Exhibit B)
and Subscription for Capital Stock Agreement (Exhibit C), must be submitted for each location where you
desire to operate an Ace store.




Stock Subscription Fee

If we approve your membership, you will be immediately billed the $5,000 stock subscription fee on your Ace
store statement. The proceeds from these sales of shares of our stock are used for general working capital
purposes.  Stock subscription requirements for shares of our capital stock are summarized in the two tables
below:
THE FIRST ACE STORE THAT YOU OWN OR CONTROL

DESCRIPTION OF
STOCK
SHARES
TOTAL
PRICE
METHOD OF PAYMENT
Class "A" Voting Stock
$1,000
Lump sum due upon our approval of your membership
Class "C” Stock
$4,000
Lump sum due upon our approval of your membership
TOTAL COST OF STOCK
$5,000


THE SECOND AND EACH ADDITIONAL
ACE STORE THAT YOU OWN OR CONTROL

DESCRIPTION OF
STOCK
SHARES
TOTAL
PRICE
METHOD OF PAYMENT
Class "A" Voting Stock
$       0
Not Applicable
Class "C" Stock
$5,000
Lump sum due upon our approval of your membership
TOTAL COST OF STOCK
$5,000


All shares of our capital stock are restricted and may not be promised, mortgaged, sold, assigned, or transferred
without the prior consent of our Board of Directors.  The payment of dividends on our stock is prohibited by
our Certificate of Incorporation.
If your store's membership in the cooperative is voluntarily or involuntarily terminated, all of your shares of
our stock with respect to that store must be sold back to us unless those shares are transferred to someone else
whom we agree to accept as a member.  The price that we pay to you if we repurchase your shares of our stock
is $1,000 per share par value in the case of shares of Class "A" voting stock and the greater of $100 per share
par value or the price last established by our Board of Directors in the case of shares of Class "C" non-voting
stock.
Other Initial Payments To Us

The decision rests with you to purchase some or all of your store equipment, merchandise, and services from
us.  If you decide to purchase store equipment, merchandise or services from us, you pay Ace, and we pay the
vendor.  If you are a new start up business or an existing Ace store opening your first branch store, you are
required to pay us in advance for equipment, before we release your orders to vendors that bill through Ace.
See Item 7 for the ranges for initial investment.