ITEM 5:  INITIAL FEES

Initial Franchise Fee


Product Supply Franchise Agreement

Under the Product Supply Franchise Agreement, the initial franchise fee for a new service center
(that is, a service center that either has never operated before or has operated for less than a year under a
trade name other than “Jiffy Lube”) is $35,000, of which $10,000 is paid when the Franchise Agreement
is signed, and the balance of which is paid on the 15th day of the month after the month in which the service
center opens for business.  While the $10,000 is earned upon the execution of the Franchise Agreement,
and the balance is earned on the 15th day of the month after the month in which the service center opens
for business, neither amount is refundable. Franchise fee not uniformly applied if the Franchisee qualifies
for a fee waiver under an existing JLI program offering.
Franchisees will be eligible for the “conversion” discount if at the time the Franchise Agreement
is executed, the Franchised Center qualifies as a “Converted Center.”  A Converted Center is one that:
(a) has been in continuous operation for at least 12 months before the execution date of the Franchise
Agreement (b) prior to the execution of the Franchise Agreement was operating as an automobile service

March 2024 Jiffy Lube FDD - Pacesetter



and repair center which offers lube services under a trademark other than the JIFFY LUBE trademark. The
initial franchise fee for a Converted Center is $17,500, which is not uniformly applied if the Franchisee
qualifies for a fee waiver under an existing JLI program offering, fully earned on receipt, and is not
refundable for any reason, even if you decide not to proceed with the conversion.
Franchisees who enter into their second, third, fourth, and/or fifth Franchise Agreement with us,
through our Significant Growth Funding program for the establishment of “Conversion Centers”,
“Replacement Center” or “New Service Centers” as defined in the Significant Growth Amendment
(“SG Amendment”, included in Attachment C of Exhibit B-1 of this disclosure document) may be eligible
for a waiver of the initial franchise fee.  Such waiver will apply if the Service Center for which the
Franchise Agreement is being entered into is specifically described and included in Exhibit “A” to the SG
Amendment, the SG Amendment is fully executed by you and SOPUS, and you meet all of the eligibility
requirements set in the SG Amendment.  This waiver of the initial franchise fee is uniform for all
franchisees who meet the conditions and eligibility requirements for participation in the Significant
Growth Funding program.
A Franchisee in good standing who has opened their second, third, fourth, and/or fifth Franchised
Center under the BTS Program may be eligible for a waiver of the franchise fee for those second, third,
fourth, and/or fifth Franchised Centers. This fee waiver is not uniformly applied.
Under the Product Supply Franchise Agreement, you will purchase certain products from our
affiliate, SOPUS Products.  We estimate that you will purchase approximately between $20,000 and
$30,000 worth of these products before you open your Jiffy Lube service center.

Non-Product Supply Franchise Agreement

The Non-Product Supply Franchise Agreement is no longer offered for new or existing service
centers and is only offered to franchisees who renew their existing Non-Product Supply Franchise
Agreement. In the event you apply to us, and we approve, the relocation of your service center, and the
existing service center operates under a Non-Product Supply Franchise Agreement, we may require that,
as one of the conditions of our approval of your relocation, the Non-Product Supply Franchise Agreement
terminate and that you execute a Product Supply Franchise Agreement under which the new relocated
center will operate.  On your execution of the Product Supply Franchise Agreement, you will not pay to
us an initial franchise fee, but rather the $7,500 relocation fee.  Under the Product Supply Franchise
Agreement, you will purchase certain products from our affiliate, SOPUS Products.  We estimate that you
will purchase approximately between $20,000 and $30,000 worth of these products before you open your
new relocated center.

Other Information

If you are a party to an area development agreement with us, and if that area development
agreement provides a different initial franchise fee for a new Jiffy Lube service center, then as long as
your area development agreement is in effect, it will govern the franchise fee you must pay for each new
Franchise Agreement you enter.

If you are developing a new service center under the BTS Program, you will be required to pay a
security deposit equal to the amount of one month’s rent as identified in your Build to Suit Sublease
Agreement. We estimate that monthly rent can range from $8,000 to $20,000 per month and therefore, this
would be the associated dollar range for a security deposit. The actual amount will depend on the final
development cost of the new service center.


March 2024 Jiffy Lube FDD - Pacesetter




The initial $10,000 of the $35,000 initial franchise fee for a new Jiffy Lube service center is not
refundable.  However, if we terminate the Franchise Agreement before the remaining $25,000 balance is
due (as we may, for example, if you are unable to obtain the necessary permits and begin operating the
service center within the period described in the Franchise Agreement), then you will have no obligation
to pay that remaining balance.  Further, we may waive the initial franchise fee for honorably discharged
U.S. military veterans, at our option; provided, however, only the first Franchise Agreement executed is
eligible for the waiver.

We or our affiliates may, at our own discretion, from time to time, offer promotional programs in
the recruitment of new franchisees that may include incentives, discounts, or reduced fee structures.
During our 2022 fiscal year, franchisees paid between $0 and $35,000 as their initial franchise fee for a
new service center under their Product Supply Franchise Agreement.