Item 5
INITIAL FEES

All franchise fees are payable in full when you sign the Franchise Agreement. All fees are fully earned when received
and are not refundable, except as described below.

Initial Franchise Fees

The following table and notes describe the initial franchise fees:

Type of Fee
Amount
Description
Standard
Franchise Fee1
$15,000
This is the standard franchise fee for a Subway® restaurant franchise for all first-
time franchisees except: (i) qualified United States Armed Forces Veterans (“US
Veterans”) as stated below, or (ii) a qualified Subway® restaurant franchisee of
our affiliates, or (iii) those purchasing under our School Lunch or Community
Development Programs, or (iv) those purchasing for a qualified Non-Traditional
location.

Reduced Fee
for Additional
Franchises2, 3
$7,500
We offer the reduced franchise fee of $7,500 for the purchase of additional
restaurants to qualified existing franchise owners operating restaurants in
substantial compliance (as defined in the Operations Manual) and with no
material defaults under any of their Franchise Agreements with us.



Reduced Fee
for Affiliate
Company
Subway®
Franchise
Owners And
Business
Developers2, 3

$7,500
We offer the $7,500 reduced franchise fee to qualified Subway® franchisees of
our affiliates that offer Subway® franchises. To qualify, we must approve you
and you must be in substantial compliance (as defined in the Operations Manual)
with no material defaults under any of your Franchise Agreements with our
affiliates that offer Subway® franchises.
Reduced Fee
for U.S.
Armed
Forces2, 3

$7,500
We offer the reduced franchise fee to qualified honorably discharged U.S.
Veterans purchasing their first franchise.

QB\66116920.16



Type of Fee
Amount
Description
Reduced Fee
for Qualified
Non-
Traditional
Locations2, 3, 4
$7,500
You will pay the reduced franchise fee if you are purchasing a franchise for a non-
traditional location and: 1) you are an approved convenience store operator, a food
service management company, or other company that provides its own food
services and you meet certain qualifications regarding number of outlets or net
worth as we may require from time to time; 2) you are a cooperative, foundation,
a qualified non-profit charity, hospital, university, college, other school, or an
Indian nation, or governmental agency or entity; or 3) you are purchasing your
franchise for a non-traditional location we approved to be located in a portion of
an existing facility you own, lease or otherwise control under a management
agreement and you are a franchisee in good standing of a nationally branded
gasoline or convenience store retailer.

Add-on Fee
$3,750
If you qualify for the reduced fee and you want to add an individual owner who is
not already a Subway® franchisee, you must also pay the add-on fee in addition to
the reduced fee. We may change or eliminate this add-on fee in the future. We will
waive the add-on fee if you are adding your parent, child, or spouse as an owner.

Satellite
Franchise Fee5,
$5,000
This is the initial franchise fee for a satellite restaurant; however, this fee will be
waived if your satellite will be located in the same facility as your Base Restaurant.

Short-Term
Satellite
Franchise Fee6,

$1,000
This is the initial franchise fee if the satellite will be in operation for a term of 1
year or less (“short-term”).

Additional Fee
for Non-
Compliance
$7,500
If you or your affiliate are an existing Subway® franchisee, you represent that all
your restaurants are in substantial compliance with the Operations Manual and
there are no material defaults under the franchise agreement(s) governing the
operation of such restaurant(s). If any of the aforesaid representations are not true
when your restaurant opens (based upon the most recent restaurant evaluation),
you agree to pay us an additional $7,500.

Note 1:

We may offer financing for franchisees purchasing a franchise for a restaurant to be located in a low-density market.
We may stop or modify any loan programs we offer at any time.

Certain multi-unit operators who sign a Multi-Unit Franchise Agreement or a Development Agreement may qualify for
a rebate of some or all of their initial franchise fee if they meet or exceed their development schedule. We may modify
or discontinue this policy at any time in our sole discretion.

Note 2:

If you do not qualify for the reduced fee, you must pay the full fee of $15,000.  If you qualify for the reduced franchise
fee when you sign the Franchise Agreement, but any of your existing restaurants are out of substantial compliance (based
upon your most recent restaurant evaluation) when your restaurant opens, you must pay us the $7,500 balance of the
full franchise fee.

You may not sell, transfer, or assign a franchise you purchase at a reduced fee unless you sell it in conjunction with an
open and operating restaurant associated with that franchise. We may change the amount of the initial franchise fee,
including eliminating or reducing the discount.

Note 3:

QB\66116920.16



If any of these representations are not true when your restaurant opens (based upon the most recent restaurant
evaluation), you agree to pay the full initial franchise fee.  If we do not approve your location within 90 days after you
sign the Franchise Agreement, we may cancel your Franchise Agreement and refund your initial franchise fee.

Note 4:

If you own an oil company that has at least 50 locations and you convert an existing sandwich shop business you created,
own and operate at your facility into a Subway® restaurant, we will waive the initial franchise fee.

To qualify to purchase additional franchises for non-traditional locations at the reduced franchise fee, at least 80% of
the Subway® restaurants you operate must be in substantial compliance (as defined in the Operations Manual), and you
must follow all operating policies and procedures for the other chain at the location where you will establish your
restaurant.  There must also be no material defaults under any of your Franchise Agreements with us.

Note 5:

We may refund the satellite franchise fee if we terminate the Franchise Agreement after 90 days because we or our
designated affiliate does not obtain a lease or license for the premises which contains basic economic terms (for example
rent, square footage, and length of term), previously consented to by you, and offer you a Sublease or Sublicense.
However, this refund will not be issued if: 1) you fail to sign a Sublease or Sublicense that was previously consented to
which contains basic economic terms; 2) if it is your fault we disapprove the location or we cannot obtain the lease or
license; or 3) you attend training and receive a copy of the Operations Manual in electronic form.  The term of the
Satellite Franchise Agreement will be from the date of the Franchise Agreement until the expiration or termination of
the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, with the right for additional 20-year renewals in line with the Base Restaurant
Franchise Agreement term.

Note 6:

The term of the Franchise Agreement for a short-term satellite location is 1 year or less from the date of the Franchise
Agreement Rider or until the termination or expiration of the Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement, whichever occurs
sooner. If your Base Restaurant Franchise Agreement has not expired, you may renew the short-term satellite location
for an additional 1 year term for a renewal fee of $1,000.

Note 7:

If, with our approval, you choose to convert your satellite to a full restaurant and terminate your Franchise Agreement
for the satellite, we may credit the initial franchise fee you paid.  We will not allow credit for expired or terminated
Franchise Agreements for the satellite.  To qualify for the credit, you must be in substantial compliance (as defined in
the Operations Manual) and you must comply with any necessary upgrades or additional requirements to establish a full
restaurant at the satellite location.

* * * * * * * * * * *

We may offer incentives of up to $1,000 per referral to existing franchisees if they refer a first-time franchisee who
purchases a franchise through a new sale or transfer.  If the purchase is via a transfer, the referring franchisee may not
be an owner of the restaurant to be transferred. In order to receive the referral bonus, the referring franchisee must be
named by the new franchisee as his or her referral source when he or she purchases the franchise.  We may also offer to
credit franchisees for their qualifying airfare or mileage up to $1,500 if they visit our offices in Shelton, Connecticut,
and then purchase a franchise during their visit, subject to compliance with disclosure requirements and other policies.
We may change the amount of these incentives, including eliminating or reducing the credit for the cost of the airfare
or mileage.  This incentive is not valid for travel related to attending training.

Any of the fee arrangements and incentive programs described in this Item 5 may be modified or discontinued from
time to time in our sole discretion.

QB\66116920.16



We do not charge an initial franchise fee for our School Lunch Program or the Community Development Program. We
do not charge an initial franchise fee if you purchase an existing restaurant as a transfer, but you or the transferor must
pay the transfer fee.

Under the School Lunch Program, we will franchise (1) a school system directly, (2) an institutional food service
provider, or (3) an existing individual Subway® franchisee, to operate a Subway® restaurant located in a school.

You must open your school location within 6 months after you sign your school lunch Franchise Agreement.  If you are
not the school board, school district, or municipality controlling the school location, within 6 months after you sign your
Franchise Agreement you must sign a contract, license, or lease, giving you the right to operate the restaurant, or your
Franchise Agreement will automatically terminate.  You must identify a location for the school lunch restaurant and
your proposed operation plan before you sign the Franchise Agreement.  The term of the Franchise Agreement for a
school lunch location is a period of 5 years, with the right for additional 5-year renewals, with no renewal fee.  If you
are an individual franchisee, you must establish the restaurant in the school as a satellite location.

Under the Community Development Program, franchisees may establish franchises within facilities operated by
organizations or individuals that offer support services within the community in which they are located. Examples of
these facilities include places of worship, shelters, half way homes, rehabilitation centers, community centers, and
disaster relief centers. Your restaurant must be operated with the intent of providing job training to individuals with
barriers to employment. You must identify a location for your restaurant and your proposed operation plan before you
sign the Franchise Agreement.

Refund Policy. We do not refund any of the initial franchise fees except as stated above or under the following
circumstances: 1) you purchase a franchise for a location where we will allow you to enter into a lease or license directly
with the landlord and we do not grant final approval of the location within 90 days after you sign the Franchise
Agreement; or 2) you purchase a franchise for a dual location test site and you do not obtain a Sublease or Sublicense
in accordance with our requirements. In either case, we may dismiss you from the training program, cancel your
franchise agreement and refund one-half of your franchise fee.

* * * * * * * * * * *
Other Initial Fees

The following table and notes describe various other initial fees:

Type of Fee
Amount
Description
Extension Fee1
$1,000
If you sign the standard Franchise Agreement, you will have 12 months to open
your restaurant or Franchise Agreement will expire.  You may request in
writing and we may grant you in writing an extension to open your restaurant.
You will pay to us the extension fee and will sign our then-current form of
Franchise Agreement.

QB\66116920.16



Type of Fee
Amount
Description
Location Fees,
Deposits and
Rent2
$2,000 - $12,000
If you enter into a Sublease for the premises you will pay our affiliate $50 as a
nonrefundable fee for administrative costs to record the master lease.  In
addition, you will be responsible for all other costs we incur to record the
master lease, including but not limited to, recording fees, recording taxes,
conveyance fees and conveyance taxes. We estimate that these costs may range
from $50 to $2,500, depending upon your state and local laws. These fees are
nonrefundable.

You must pay a deposit of 2 months' rent when you sign the Intent to Sublease,
representing one month's rent and one month's security deposit. We estimate
that the security deposit will cost approximately $2,000 to $12,000. If you are
required to sign a Sublicense for the location, you may be required to pay an
advancement fee when you sign the Intent to Sublicense.  If the landlord does
not require the security deposit, we or our designee will return the money to
you.

Menu Board
Translites,
Promotional
and
Operational
Items
$500 - $750 for 4
– 6 menu board
translates



$8,000 – $14,000
for digital menu
boards

$155/mo. digital
menu board
HaaS program


You must purchase your initial supply of menu board translites from us or
SFAFT, unless we designate otherwise.  The estimated cost for menu board
translites is $125.  You must also buy decals and replacement menu board
translites from us or SFAFT, and certain operational items from the supplier we
designate.  The estimated cost is less than $600 and is nonrefundable.

Once available, you may have the option to purchase digital menu boards
typically consisting of four television screens, media players, HDMI cables,
and menu content management services from us, an affiliate or a designated
supplier. The estimated cost to purchase and install the digital menu boards are
$8,000 to $14,000.  Ongoing licensing fees and support fees may apply.
Alternatively, you may opt to lease them through our approved supplier’s
Hardware-as-a-service program, currently $155 per month. In the future, we
may require you to purchase digital menu boards.

Training
Cancellation
Fee
$100
If you register for and fail to attend the training program, or if you cancel a
registration for the training program with less than 10 business days' notice, you
must pay the nonrefundable cancellation fee.

Purchase Price
of a Company
or Affiliate-
Owned
Restaurant4
Varies
If you are purchasing a company or affiliate-owned restaurant, you must sign a
Franchise Agreement and pay the initial franchise fee that applies to you. You
must pay the purchase price in cash or by certified check. Financing is available
for some of the purchase price.

POS System
Hardware
Costs5
$57/mo.
You are required to use a computer-based point-of-sale system (the “POS
System”) which must be obtained from an approved POS hardware vendor.
Currently, our approved hardware vendor is Hewlett Packard (“HP”). We may
change hardware vendors, or approve one or more additional hardware vendors
in the future. You are required to enroll in the hardware-as-a-service component
of our Restaurant Technology as a Service (“RTaaS”) program with HP to
obtain a POS System. We estimate the cost of the base package in the RTaaS
program to be $57 per month, exclusive of tax and shipping charges, which
must be paid to us, our affiliate, designee or directly to HP, as we require.

QB\66116920.16



Type of Fee
Amount
Description
Payment
Terminal Fees6
$237.70 for the
P400 payment
terminal;




$320 for the
issued/configured
terminal;


$323.30 for the
P400 kit

You will pay this amount for the P400 payment terminal, or if you purchase a
franchise location, the P400 payment terminal in the location should be part of
the purchase.

All new and existing restaurants are required to purchase the P400 payment
terminal from our approved vendor.

Certain non-traditional locations are required to use an SVS issued/configured
terminal for processing gift card transactions only. There is a $2.50 monthly
maintenance fee payable to SVS.


The kit includes the cables, power cord, and countertop cradle.These Payment
Terminal Fees must be paid to us, our affiliate or designee.


Note 1:

The extension fee is due when you sign our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and is nonrefundable. If you are
granted an extension, you will have an additional year to open your restaurant with no right to any further extensions.
The term of your franchise will then be for the full number of years granted in the replacement Franchise Agreement
and you will have no right to any additional extensions. This description of the extension fees also applies if you sign a
Franchise Agreement Rider to open a satellite restaurant in a non-traditional location.  We may change or eliminate the
extension procedures in the future.

The extension fee does not apply to school lunch locations, satellite locations operating in locations other than non-
traditional locations, or short-term satellite locations.  These locations must be opened within the timeframes set forth
in the Franchise Agreement Rider and will have no right to any extension.

Note 2:

For certain non-traditional locations, you may need to sign a concession or subconcession agreement.  If your restaurant
is a school lunch location, you may enter into the contract, license, or lease directly with the entity controlling the school.

Note 3:

You may experience delays and have higher costs if you seek approval to purchase directly from vendors or from
vendors not currently approved. Supply chain challenges and escalating raw material and freight costs have caused
material increases in the costs of Equipment, Furniture & Décor.

Note 4:

The purchase prices for these restaurants vary greatly in price.  In 2023, we sold 79 restaurants ranging in price from $1
to $70,493.31 and our affiliates sold 25 restaurants ranging in price from $1 to $105,922.25.  The purchase price does
not represent your total initial investment for these restaurants and may only the costs of existing physical assets, such
as leasehold improvements, equipment, signs, any security systems, inventory and supplies. You may have to purchase,
finance, or lease required equipment that is not included in the purchase price.   You may have to spend additional
money to bring the restaurant into compliance with the Operations Manual.  We may offer incentives to franchisees
purchasing company- or affiliate-owned restaurants that we believe have below average sales.  These incentives may
include but are not limited to: 1) financing by us or an affiliate for all or a portion of the purchase price at variable terms;
or 2) under certain conditions, an obligation in the purchase agreement for us or our affiliate to repurchase the restaurant
from the franchisee if the franchisee chooses to terminate the transaction. Under these circumstances, we or our affiliate
will not repurchase the restaurant unless it is in substantial compliance as defined in the Operations Manual and the
QB\66116920.16



franchisee has maintained or exceeded the Average Unit Volume (AUV) of sales reported for the 12 months prior to our
or our affiliate's acquisition of the restaurant from the previous owner.

Note 5:

Additional hardware and services may be added to this base package as the program evolves and/or the technology
needs of the brand expand, which may result in additional costs. Additional packages at varying monthly rates may also
be offered in the future. These charges do not include the costs to obtain the payment terminal to process credit and
debit card payments as well as gift card and loyalty transactions, discussed below in this Item 5. Under the RTaaS
program, we may act as collection agents for HP and collect fees you owe through your pre-authorized account. You
will also be responsible for any costs you incur in connection with the transition from the current POS System you use
to the POS System you obtain under the RTaaS program. All POS software required as of the date you obtain your POS
System under the RTaaS program will be pre-installed on your POS System.

Note 6:

You must use the payment terminal and barcode reader we require for use with your POS System to participate in the
required Subway® Gift Card Program, Remote Ordering Program and integrated credit/debit, contactless and mobile
device payment options. Certain non-traditional locations are required to use an SVS issued/configured terminal for
processing gift card transactions only.

Puerto Rico franchisees will instead participate in our Global Payment Program to obtain payment terminals. Fees for
this program range from $650 to $850, and include terminals, 60 months of Overnight Replacement Servicing, and the
Program Fee.

Development Program

If you participate in our multi-unit development program, with our approval, by executing a Development Agreement,
and one or more Franchise Agreements or Multi-Unit Franchise Agreements, you must pay a development fee equal to
the then-current standard initial franchise fee (or reduced initial franchise fee, if applicable), multiplied by the number
of restaurants to be developed in accordance with the development schedule under your Development Agreement. You
will not be required to pay a separate initial franchise fee under any Franchise Agreement or Multi-Unit Franchise
Agreement, in each case executed in accordance with your Development Agreement. The development fee is uniformly
imposed, fully earned by us when paid by you and non-refundable.

* * * * * * * * * * *
We may collect taxes from you that the law requires you to pay. You will pay or reimburse use for payment of any Sales
Tax or other tax imposed by law on the franchise fee, royalty, advertising fees, and any other amounts payable under
the Franchise Agreement, whether assessed on you or on us. We will pass on to you taxes we must pay directly to any
taxing authority.

THIS SPACE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK

QB\66116920.16