ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Franchise Fee
If you are signing one Franchise Agreement for a single Circle K Business, the Initial Franchise Fee
is $25,000.  The Initial Franchise Fee must be paid with a cashier’s check in a lump sum and is paid when
you sign the Franchise Agreement.  Except as noted below, the Initial Franchise Fee is earned upon receipt
and is non-refundable.  During our last fiscal year, the Initial Franchise Fees paid to us for a single-Circle
K Business Franchise Agreement ranged from $0 to $25,000.  The low end of the range represents the Initial
Franchise Fee being waived as part of a limited time promotion offered during last fiscal year to prospects
that attended the National Association of Convenience Stores annual convention.
If you develop multiple Circle K Businesses, the Initial Franchise Fee you will pay for your first
Circle K Business will be $25,000, but we will reduce the Initial Franchise Fee for each additional Circle
K Business you agree to develop to $15,000. If you would like to develop five or more Circle K Businesses,
you will be required to sign a Multiple Site Operator Agreement. We reserve the right to change or withdraw
this program at any time.
DMS_US.364149265.6

CK 2024 Multi State FDD (Standard)



Multiple Unit Development by Multi-Site Operator

If you sign a Multiple Site Operator Agreement, you will be required to commit to open at least five
Circle K Businesses and pay, at the time you sign the Multiple Site Operator Agreement, an amount equal
to the Initial Franchise Fees for all of the Circle K Businesses you agree to develop (or convert) under such
Multiple Site Operator Agreement. These fees are non-refundable. The Initial Franchise Fee a Multi-Site
Operator will pay for each Circle K Business it agrees to convert or develop under a Multiple Site Operator
Agreement will be based on the following schedule:

Number of Circle K Businesses
Amount of Initial Franchise Fee Per Circle K
Business
$15,000 per Circle K Business
6-9
$10,000 per Circle K Business
10-19
$7,500 per Circle K Business
20+
$5,000 per Circle K Business

Regardless of whether you are opening a single Circle K Business or multiple Circle K Businesses,
if you do not complete any portion of our initial training program to our satisfaction, or if any financial,
personal, or other information you provided to us is materially false, misleading, incomplete, or inaccurate,
or if we determine that you lack the necessary business experience or we determine you are incapable of
properly managing the Circle K Business, your Franchise Agreement may be terminated and your Initial
Franchise Fee will not be refunded.  If you are unable to secure any necessary permits for the construction
of your Circle K Business despite your good faith efforts and due diligence, we may refund the Initial
Franchise Fee, less all reasonable expenses incurred by us in processing your application, providing you
our initial training program, any travel expenses we incur, expenses incurred for our employees’ time for
meetings and consultation with you, the costs incurred in preparing a store development package and floor
plan development, long distance telephone calls, attorneys’ fees, and other related expenses. We do not give
refunds under any other circumstances.

Security Deposit
In addition, in connection with the signing of the Motor Fuel Agreement, you will pay us a deposit
in an amount ranging from $20,000 to $50,000 (“Security Deposit”).  The amount of the Security Deposit
you will be required to pay will depend on a number of factors, including the geographic region in which
your Circle K Business is located.  It will be determined by us and will be set forth in the Data Sheet to the
Franchise Agreement.  The Security Deposit will be deposited into a non-interest-bearing account (the
“Security Deposit Account”).
The Security Deposit is paid to secure your payment of all monies due under, and performance and
observance of all the terms, covenants and conditions contained in the Motor Fuel Agreement.  If you fail
to timely pay any amount due and owing under the Motor Fuel Agreement, we may draw upon the Security
Deposit and apply the funds toward the payment of an amount due and owing to us.  If we draw upon the
Security Deposit, you must immediately pay us an amount sufficient to restore the Security Deposit to its
prior level.
Upon termination, expiration or non-renewal of the Motor Fuel Agreement, we may also draw upon
the Security Deposit to satisfy any past due amounts, loss, damage, injury or liability caused by your failure
DMS_US.364149265.6

CK 2024 Multi State FDD (Standard)



to perform any condition, covenant or term of or make any payment under the Motor Fuel Agreement.  Any
remaining balance of the Security Deposit Account will then be refunded to you.
If the premises where your Circle K Business is located are owned by us or our affiliate, we may
(but are not obliged to) reduce or waive the amount of Security Deposit you are required to pay.
Regional In-Store Training Fee

You or your operations manager and your store manager will be required to attend a two-week
regional in-store training program conducted by our trainers at a company-operated location.  The current
fee for the regional in-store training program is $500 per person (i.e., $1,000 for two attendees).

Acquisition of Existing Circle K Business
In addition to the Initial Franchise Fee, and regardless of whether you are opening a single Circle K
Business or multiple Circle K Businesses, in the instances where you are purchasing an existing company-
operated Circle K Business, your initial investment will consist of the purchase price that we and you
negotiate as well as the merchandise inventory of the Circle K Business in the range of $60,000 to $100,000
(non-refundable) as further described in Item 7.
Vet Fran Program

We participate in the Veterans Transition Franchise Initiative (commonly referred to as “Vet Fran”),
which seeks to provide opportunities for veterans who want to be in business.  If you provide acceptable
documentation that you have received an honorable discharge from the United States Army, Navy, Air
Force, Marine Corps or Coast Guard, you may be eligible to receive a 10% discount off of the Initial
Franchise Fee amount due at the time you sign the Franchise Agreement.