Item 12

TERRITORY

The License Agreement does not provide territorial protection or exclusivity for you, although we
may grant such rights in separate transactions or by policy on a temporary basis in our sole discretion.
There are no exclusive areas or territories granted to you in the License Agreement.  The License Agreement
licenses the use of the Trademarks in connection with the operation of a Unit at a specified location.  Your
rights under the License Agreement are non-exclusive and do not include the right to prevent any other uses
by any persons or entities of the Trademarks or the System regardless of how close they are or will be to
the Unit.

You will not receive an exclusive territory under the License Agreement. You may face competition
from other franchisees or licensees, from Units that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we or our affiliates control. Our Integrated Expansion Policy describes our
considerations in evaluating a site for registration. If you purchase one or more existing Units from us or
one of our affiliates, you may be required to waive any impact protection under our then-current Integrated
Expansion Policy, if any, to which you may be entitled under the License Agreement(s) for the purchased
Unit(s), which waiver shall be effective for the entire term of the License Agreement(s).

If you purchase existing Units from us or a Licensee, you may also be required to develop one or
more new Units according to a Market Build Out Agreement in a form similar to that attached as Exhibit J.
You may be required to develop certain Units that we designate, or we may choose to designate an entire
geographic region or part of it as the development area.  The Market Build Out Agreement will specify the
dates by which each of these Units must be open for business.  You will be required to pay to us a
development fee of $22,500 for each new Unit, $10,000 of which is payable upon registration and the
balance of which is due upon the Unit’s groundbreak.  If the Market Build Out Agreement is being issued
in connection with your purchase of restaurants from an existing franchisee, any Unit that was registered
by the prior franchisee shall not count as a new Unit under your Market Build Out Agreement, even if such
Unit opens during the term of your Market Build Out Agreement. If you fail to develop and open a Unit on
time, upon the missed opening date you must pay to us: a) within 5 days of the missed deadline, a lump




Express FDD 2024


sum payment of  $22,500 or the balance of the development fee if you have previously made a $10,000
deposit, which $22,500 total fee shall be applied towards the initial franchise fee under the franchise
agreement for the new Unit to the extent the new Unit is opened during the term of the Market Build Out
Agreement; and b) payments of $4,231 for each four or five week accounting period of our pertinent
financial calendar until the earlier of the date i) you open the new Unit or ii) that is 10 years from the
required Opening Date as defined in the Market Build Out Agreement. Alternatively, we may choose to
require that you pay a development fee calculated by multiplying the aggregate number of new Units you
are required to develop and operate thereunder by the sum of $22,500 in which case we will credit the
portion of the development fee attributable to a new Unit against the initial fee for such new Unit so long
as such new Unit is opened in accordance with the Market Build Out Agreement.  In the event that the new
Unit does not open, these fees are not refundable or applicable to other Units.  The standard term of the
Market Build Out Agreement is five (5) years, though the term may be for a shorter or longer period
depending on the location and the number of new Units to be opened or other factors in our sole discretion.



We and/or our affiliates operate many Units and we permit many other franchisees, licensees and
third parties to use the Trademarks and System.  We will likely permit additional uses of the Trademarks
in the future, without regard to proximity to your Unit.  The License Agreements do not restrict our and our
affiliates’ right to locate our and our affiliates’ own Units without regard to their proximity to your Unit.
Pizza Hut, KFC, and HBG as well as any chains acquired or developed by YUM or its subsidiaries and
divisions in the future, also may locate their Units anywhere without regard to their proximity to your Unit.
If any problems arise due to the proximity of a Unit or a restaurant owned or franchised by Pizza Hut, KFC
or HBG, we will act as we determine is appropriate under the circumstances.  We have no obligation to
relocate our Units or restaurants owned or franchised by Pizza Hut, KFC or HBG, or compensate you in
any way, or allow you to relocate your Unit, unless the License Agreement is terminated prior to the end of
the specified term due as set forth in the License Agreement.


The License Agreement licenses the use of the Trademarks only in connection with the operation
of a Unit at a specified location.  We do not grant you any right or authority to pre-package or to sell pre-
packaged food products or beverages under the Trademarks through any channel of distribution (including
alternative channels of distribution, as described below) or to sell non-prepackaged food products,
beverages, or other products under the Trademarks through any alternative channels of distribution, such
as the internet, social media and other forms of electronic commerce, “800” or similar toll-free telephone
numbers, catalogs, telemarketing or other direct marketing sales, or, any channel of distribution other than
in connection with the operation of a Unit at a specified location.  You may not prepare food at the Unit for
delivery or sale elsewhere without our prior written consent.


We have the exclusive, unrestricted right to produce, distribute, or sell pre-packaged and other food
products and beverages containing the licensed Trademarks, such as tacos, taco shells, snack foods, sauces
and fillings, and other Mexican-style food products, and to use in connection with these the various
identifying characteristics developed or used by us. We reserve the right to do so through any channel of
distribution, including alternative channels of distribution, such as the internet, social media and other forms
of electronic commerce, “800” or similar toll-free telephone numbers, catalogs, telemarketing or other
direct marketing sales, or, any other channel of distribution. You will be entitled to no compensation in
connection with any such sales.

You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional licenses.







Express FDD 2024