ITEM 12
TERRITORY

You will operate your Wendy’s Restaurant at a specific location approved by Quality and identified in
the Franchise Agreement.  You may not conduct your Wendy’s Restaurant business at any other site without
Quality’s prior written consent.  If you wish to relocate your Wendy’s Restaurant, Quality will consider your
request based on its then-existing policies associated with relocation, as well as the fulfillment of various
conditions.  These conditions may include the profitability of your Wendy’s Restaurants and other financial
and operational considerations, as well as other factors.  If Quality approves your request to relocate your
Wendy’s Restaurant, Quality may charge you for the expenses Quality has incurred with this relocation.
Quality has no obligation to permit relocation.

You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other Wendy’s franchisees,
from company-owned Wendy’s Restaurants, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
owned by Quality’s affiliates (see Item 1).

You have no exclusive rights or territory associated with the operation of your Wendy’s Restaurant.
In addition, you do not have the right to acquire additional Wendy’s Restaurants even if you meet Quality’s
financial and operational requirements pertaining to expandability.  Quality has the sole right to grant, or refuse
to grant, franchise rights to Wendy’s Restaurants.  Quality may establish other franchised or company-owned
Wendy’s Restaurants and other outlets that compete with your location, (including both free-standing locations
and Frosty Carts or other non-traditional locations which may be situated in locations like delivery kitchens,
shopping malls, airports, hospitals, train, subway and other rail and bus stations, government/military offices
and office complexes, stadiums, amusement parks, zoos, convention centers, car and/or truck stops or travel
centers, gasoline or convenience stores and educational institutions or facilities).  In addition, Quality or its
affiliates sell various menu items and other products identified by the Wendy’s name, and other proprietary
marks, through other channels of distribution, including without limitation grocery and specialty stores,
convenience stores and similar types of businesses.  You may be required to participate in Wendy’s delivery
programs, which currently only involve online delivery platforms.  No territories are provided in connection
with our current delivery programs.  You are not guaranteed a particular or exclusive delivery territory, and,
should we designate a territory, it will only be on a non-exclusive basis.

There may be situations where Quality acquires an existing fast food restaurant and operates that
restaurant on a temporary basis until its conversion to a Wendy’s Restaurant is completed.  Other than these
limited situations, neither Quality nor any of its affiliates, currently operate, franchise, or has present plans to
operate or franchise any other business under a different trademark that sells goods or services similar to those
to be offered by Wendy’s Restaurants.

In the past, some of Wendy’s franchisees acquired the right to develop and operate Wendy’s
Restaurants under different forms of franchise and development agreements.  As a result, the terms of the
individual franchise agreements signed by other franchisees for each Wendy’s Restaurant and the terms of any
territorial agreements given to those franchisees may differ significantly from the Franchise Agreement.
Additionally, in some unique instances, Quality may modify certain provisions of the Franchise Agreement
which pertain to specific non-traditional locations like those described in this Item 12.


FDD-MCA-July 2024
- 43 -
Development Agreement

You may (if you qualify) develop and operate a number of Wendy’s Restaurants within a specified
territory referred to as the Development Area.  Quality and you will identify the Development Area in the
Development Agreement before signing it.  The Development Area typically is a Designated Market Area(s)
or a part of a Designated Market Area which may include several counties or cities where you currently operate
a Restaurant.  Quality bases the Development Area’s size primarily on the number of Wendy’s Restaurants
you agree to develop, where you are currently operating restaurants, demographics, and site availability.
Quality and you will negotiate the number of Wendy’s Restaurants you must develop to satisfy your
development commitment and the dates by which you must develop them.  If you previously entered into
multiple development agreements with us, and you wish to modify and restate your development agreement
under our current form of agreement, we may agree to consolidate your Development Areas into one Territory
comprising all of the Designated Market Areas where you currently operate a Restaurant.  Quality and you
then will complete the Development Schedule in the Development Agreement before you sign the
Development Agreement.  Quality may terminate the Development Agreement if you do not satisfy your
development commitments when required or if you commit other defaults which are described in the
Development Agreement.  There are no other circumstances under which we may alter your Development
Area.

You will not receive an exclusive Development Area.  You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.  We and our affiliates retain all rights with respect to Wendy’s Restaurants, the Wendy’s Marks
(defined below), the sale of similar or dissimilar products and services, and any other activities we deem
appropriate whenever and wherever we desire.  Quality may in its sole discretion itself develop and operate,
and grant rights to others to develop and operate:  (1) Wendy’s Restaurants anywhere within the Development
Area; (2) anywhere within the Development Area, outlets and various food service facilities not under the
Wendy’s brand, marks and system; and (3) anywhere outside the Development Area, restaurants and other
food service facilities of any kind.  Quality also reserves the right to engage in all other activities that the
Development Agreement does not expressly prohibit.