ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees,
from outlets that we (or our affiliates) own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
brands that we control.
Location Franchise Agreement
Protected Radius
We will grant you a protected radius of 500 yards surrounding the Location of each System
Restaurant (the “Protected Radius”). Subject to your compliance with all Brand Standards,
fulfilling delivery orders to National, Regional and Institutional Accounts, and providing Adequate
Delivery Service throughout your Delivery Area(s), we will not develop or operate, or allow any
other franchisee or licensee to develop or operate, at the Location or within the Protected Radius,
a System Restaurant that is the same as the type of System Restaurant Concept that you operate

PHLLC FDD 2024
428680407-v1\NA_DMS
at the Location. We may, however, own, franchise, or license any other type of System Restaurant
Concept within the Protected Radius, and may own, franchise, or license any type of System
Restaurant Concept (including the one you operate) at any location outside the Protected Radius,
including a location that is proximate to the Protected Radius.
We also may purchase, merge, acquired, be acquired by, or affiliate with an existing
competitive or non-competitive franchise or non-franchise network, chain, or any other business
regardless of the location of that other business’ facilities, and we may then operate, franchise or
license those other businesses and/or facilities under any names or marks, including the Pizza
Hut Marks, regardless of the location of these businesses and/or facilities, which may be within
the Protected Radius or immediately near it. We are limited in these activities only by the
protections that we have granted you in the Protected Radius, described above. You will receive
no compensation for these activities.
We and/or our affiliates may engage in any business activity and any business concept
whatsoever using the Pizza Hut Marks or any other names or marks owned or developed by us
or our affiliates, within, outside or immediately proximate to your Protected Radius, so long as
within your Protected Radius such other businesses do not operate the type of System Restaurant
you operate under the Pizza Hut Marks. Your Location Franchise Agreement does not give you
any right to participate in or benefit from such other concepts or business activities, whether they
are conducted under the Pizza Hut Marks or not. Our and our affiliates’ rights to engage in other
business activities are specifically reserved and may not be qualified or diminished in any way by
implication.
We and/or our affiliates alone have the right to:
(i) offer and sell, within and outside your Protected Radius, under the Pizza Hut Marks
and/or any other names or marks, at wholesale, retail or otherwise, any and all Approved
Products and other food, beverage, or other products and services and/or their components
or ingredients, whether or not they are a part of the System (including those used or sold by
your Restaurant), through any alternative method or channel of distribution whatsoever, at
wholesale, retail, or otherwise, except through a System Restaurant of the type you operate
within the Protected Radius.
(ii)  offer and sell (directly, or through other franchisees or licensees) Approved Products
or other products, services and programs at any and all “nontraditional locations”, including
nontraditional locations which may be partially or wholly situated within your Protected Radius,
through the establishment of mobile units, concessions, “shop-in-shops,” System Restaurants
or otherwise. You are precluded from engaging in such activity without our prior written
consent (which we may withhold for any or no reason). “Nontraditional locations” are locations
or venues at which access to the general public is restricted and include sports arenas and
venues; theatres; resorts; food retailers (including supermarkets, grocery stores and
convenience stores); malls and mall food courts; schools and universities; hospitals and
healthcare facilities; airports; guest lodging facilities; government facilities; condominium and
cooperative complexes; the premises of any third party retailer which is not a restaurant
(including shops, stores and department stores); military bases and installations; and, airlines,
railroads and other modes of mass transportation.
We may (and you may not without our prior written consent) enter into agreements to deliver
Approved Products and other System-approved food, beverages and other products to National,
Regional, and Institutional Accounts. National, Regional, and Institutional Accounts are
organizational or institutional customers whose presence is not confined to your Protected
Radius. They include (for example only): business entities with offices or branches situated both
inside and outside your Protected Radius; government agencies, branches or facilities; guest

PHLLC FDD 2024
428680407-v1\NA_DMS
lodging networks; healthcare networks; the military; and any other customer whose presence is
not confined to your Protected Radius. Only we have the right to enter into contracts with National,
Regional and Institutional Accounts. If we receive orders from a National, Regional, or Institutional
Account for delivery in your Delivery Area (described below), then we may require you to fulfill the
orders at the price we agree on with the customer. However, you may deliver Approved Products
and other System-approved food, beverages and other products to guest lodging networks,
healthcare networks and schools within your Delivery Area at any time during which PHLLC does
not maintain such relationships. The procedures governing our National, Regional and
Institutional Accounts program are in the Brand Standards.
Under the Location Franchise Agreement, you waive and release any claims, demands, or
damages arising from or related to any of the above activities and promise never to begin or join
in any legal action or proceeding, or register a complaint with any governmental entity, directly or
indirectly contending otherwise.
Delivery Area
In addition to the Protected Radius, we grant you a specified delivery area for each System
Restaurant you operate (the “Delivery Area”) within which you may deliver the Approved Products.
The Delivery Area is identified in Appendix B to the Location Franchise Agreement. Periodically,
we may reasonably modify your Delivery Area upon written notice to you in response to changed
demographics, population shifts, business or residential development, or similar metrics to further
your ability to provide Adequate Delivery Service in accordance with the Brand Standards.
As long as you provide Adequate Delivery Service throughout the Delivery Area, we will not
provide delivery service, and will not allow any other licensee or franchisee to provide delivery
service, for Approved Products using the Pizza Hut Marks to any point within the Delivery Area.
“Adequate Delivery Service” means service in accordance with our then-current Brand Standards
for delivery (including Brand Standards governing online, smartphone, or other now or hereafter
developed modes enabling customers to place orders for delivery), taking into account various
criteria including potential sales volume, market demographics, saturation analysis, diversion of
sales from your other System Restaurants, and geographic characteristics of the Delivery Area.
If we determine that you are not providing Adequate Delivery Service, we will notify you in
writing. You may dispute our initial determination in writing, and you have 30 days to cure any
delivery deficiencies, but if we finally determine you are not providing Adequate Delivery Service
and have not satisfactorily cured that failure, we may redefine your delivery area. If we later
determine you have again failed to provide Adequate Delivery Service, then we may terminate
your right to operate the System Restaurant serving the Delivery Area following written notice of
default and your failure to cure.
Following a determination that you have failed to provide Adequate Delivery Service and
throughout any cure period, we or another Pizza Hut franchisee or licensee may furnish delivery
service within all or a portion of your Delivery Area.
Any action we take to redefine the Delivery Area for an individual System Restaurant will have
no effect on the Delivery Area of any other System Restaurant you may operate, unless the impact
is to expand the Delivery Area for a contiguous System Restaurant.
Other than the requirement to provide Adequate Delivery Service, continuation of the limited
territorial rights described above does not depend on your achieving any particular sales volume,
market penetration, or other similar contingency. If you commit a default under the Franchise
Agreement that is not subject to cure, or if you fail to cure a curable default within the required
cure period, we reserve the right to reduce your Protected Radius and/or Delivery Area in lieu of
terminating the Franchise Agreement. There are no other circumstances which permit us to

PHLLC FDD 2024
428680407-v1\NA_DMS
modify these limited territorial rights. You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights
to acquire additional franchises within the territory or contiguous territories.
Relocation
You may not relocate the Restaurant without our prior written approval. You must reimburse
us for any reasonable costs we incur in considering any request to relocate and must pay us a
new initial franchise fee if you fail to open the relocated unit within 12 months after the existing
Restaurant closes (or within any other time as you and we may agree). We will approve a
relocation request if you are in compliance with the Location Franchise Agreement, you have paid
all money owed to us and our affiliates, the proposed location meets our site selection criteria,
and you comply with the lease requirements in the Location Franchise Agreement. We may (at
our election) inspect your proposed new location.
Other Distribution Channels
Unless we permit you to operate a satellite location, you may operate your System Restaurant
only from the approved Location identified in Appendix B to the Location Franchise Agreement
and may use the Location for no other purpose than the operation of the System Restaurant.
Unless you receive our prior written consent, which we may withhold for any or no reason, you
may not offer and sell any Approved Products or other products or services except through your
System Restaurant, through any alternative method or channel of distribution whatsoever, at
wholesale, retail, or otherwise.
General Territorial Information

All the territorial protections described above are limited. For example, and without limitation,
our affiliates, TBLLC, KFCLLC, HBG and THR currently are engaged in operating, franchising,
and licensing restaurants under different trademarks. These competing restaurant concepts may
already be established within your Protected Radius or Delivery Area or may be established there
in the future. These restaurant concepts are competitive, to some extent, with all System
Restaurants but some of them may compete more directly than others. For example, the operator
of a Taco Bell or KFC restaurant may be granted a license to operate a non-traditional Pizza Hut
kiosk within its restaurant, subject to the limitations in the first paragraph of this Item 12.

We have no system or method for resolving conflicts between you and franchisees or
licensees of these existing (or other potential) competing concepts.