Item 12

TERRITORY


You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  You are
granted the right to operate the Office at a specific address-only location that first must be approved by
RE/MAX, LLC.  You may not relocate the Office without RE/MAX, LLC’s prior written consent.  The
Franchise Agreement does not give you any right of first refusal, option or any other right to purchase,
acquire, or open any additional RE/MAX office franchises, although you may, under certain circumstances,
be granted the right to open one or more Team Offices (see discussion below).  RE/MAX, LLC or any of
RE/MAX, LLC’s affiliates may establish other franchised or company owned outlets at any location
whatsoever, including a location in close proximity to your Office and that may compete with your location.
RE/MAX, LLC retains all rights to develop, locate and operate, and to grant others the right to develop,
locate and operate, real estate brokerage offices under another trademark or service mark or any other
business under the Marks or under any other trademark or service mark or to engage in any other business
activity anywhere even if such RE/MAX office or other office has an adverse impact on your business.

Renewals


If you have an existing franchise relationship under a franchise agreement that granted you an
address-only location, you will be required to sign our current form of franchise agreement (attached as
Exhibit A), as well as the “Renewal Addendum to Franchise Agreement - Address Only” (attached as
Exhibit A-1).  This renewal addendum creates or clarifies certain terms and conditions that apply to your
relationship as a franchisee only if you are renewing an existing franchise relationship; they do not apply if
you are a new purchaser of a RE/MAX franchise or if you are purchasing an existing RE/MAX franchise.


If you are renewing an existing franchise relationship, the renewal term is 5 years although you
may be granted up to 10 years if you meet certain criteria.  Factors considered in determining whether to
grant a longer renewal term include, but are not limited to (a) whether you have fully complied with all
conditions for renewal set forth in your existing franchise agreement; (b) whether you have consistently
paid in full and on a timely basis all fees, dues and other amounts owed under your franchise agreement
throughout its term; (c) whether you have a proven track record of participation in scheduled RE/MAX
events such as annual conventions, Broker/Owner conferences, and educational seminars; (d) whether you
have met our then current subjective and objective standards for new franchisees; and (e) whether you have
demonstrated a spirit of cooperation with us and within the RE/MAX System that, in our sole discretion,
merits consideration for a longer renewal term.

Minimum Agent Count


The Franchise Agreement will establish a Sales Associate minimum agent count (the “Minimum
Agent Count”) for the Office.  Minimum Agent Count is based upon a number of criteria, including most
notably RE/MAX, LLC’s performance goals and market share expectations for the area where the Office
will operate.  The Minimum Agent Count establishes the number of Sales Associates you are required to
bring into the RE/MAX network during the development period of the franchise from companies that are
not affiliated with RE/MAX.  The Minimum Agent Count also establishes the minimum number of Sales
Associates you will be required to maintain on an ongoing basis.  Because these Minimum Agent Count
requirements are designed to help assure sales associate growth for the RE/MAX network, any Sales
Associates you recruit from other RE/MAX offices or who transfer to your Office from other RE/MAX
offices for whatever reason (i.e., Sales Associates who are already affiliated with the RE/MAX network)
do not count toward satisfaction of your Minimum Agent Count.  In extraordinary circumstances, such as

RE/MAX Integrated Regions FDD
April 2024

the imminent closing of a nearby RE/MAX office, an exception to this Minimum Agent Count exclusion
policy may be granted by RE/MAX Regional in its discretion.  In general, however, only Sales Associates
who have not been affiliated with the RE/MAX network for at least 3 months prior to their affiliation with
your Office will be counted toward satisfaction of your Minimum Agent Count requirements.

If this is the initial term of your franchise relationship with RE/MAX Regional (rather than a
renewal term), the Minimum Agent Count for your Office will increase in three stages during which you
will be required to have and maintain a certain number of Sales Associates.  RE/MAX Regional’s current
parameters are that you have approximately:

(a)
7 Sales Associates by the end of the first 12-month period after the Franchise Agreement
is signed and during each month after that through the 24th-month after the Franchise
Agreement is signed (“First Stage Minimum Agent Count”);

(b)
15 Sales Associates beginning the first day following the end of the first 24-month period
and during each month after that through the 36th-month after the Franchise Agreement is
signed (“Second Stage Minimum Agent Count”); and

(c)
20 Sales Associates beginning the first day following the end of the first 36-month period
and during each month after that through the remaining term of the Franchise Agreement
(“Third Stage Minimum Agent Count”).

The actual number established for the First Stage Minimum Agent Count, Second Stage Minimum
Agent Count and Third Stage Minimum Agent Count will be based upon such factors as sales agent count,
population, market share, the size and number of competitor offices in the market, and other demographic
data and trends in the area where the Office will be located.  The suggested Minimum Agent Count numbers
may also be reduced, at RE/MAX Regional’s discretion, if the Office will be operated exclusively as a
commercial real estate office.

Minimum Agent Count is established by RE/MAX Regional to achieve a desired market presence
in the market area in which a franchisee operates; RE/MAX Regional is not representing that by achieving
such Minimum Agent Count you will be successful or profitable.

If you are renewing an existing franchise relationship with RE/MAX Regional, the Minimum Agent
Count during each of the first 12 months of the Franchise Agreement will be equal to the greater of: (i) 60%
of the actual number of Sales Associates you had at the end of your previous franchise agreement or (ii) the
Minimum Agent Count you were required to have as of the end of your previous franchise agreement.  After
the first 12 months of the Franchise Agreement, and for the duration of the term of the Franchise Agreement,
the Minimum Agent Count will be equal to the greater of (i) 60% of the actual number of Sales Associates
you had at the end of your previous franchise agreement or (ii) the Third Stage Minimum Agent Count
required under franchise agreements then being sold or granted in markets of similar population density
and/or demographics.

If you are a transferee or assignee of an existing franchise, the Minimum Agent Count at the
commencement of the Agreement will be equal to the greater of: (i) 60% of the actual number of Sales
Associates the transferring or assigning franchisee had at the time of transfer or (ii) the Minimum Agent
Count that the transferring or assigning franchisee was required to have at the time of transfer and will be
increased, if appropriate, consistent with the Minimum Agent Count requirements currently in effect under
franchise agreements for the area in which the Office is located.


RE/MAX Integrated Regions FDD
April 2024


If you fail to meet the Minimum Agent Count at any time, you will not be excused from the payment
of, and you will be required to pay, all Monthly Ongoing Fees, Annual Dues, and Marketing Fund fees as
if you had met your Minimum Agent Count.  Additionally, RE/MAX Regional may terminate the Franchise
Agreement (see Item 17).

Team Offices

RE/MAX Regional may grant you the right to establish one or more additional office locations
(“Team Offices”) in order to accommodate Sales Associates who have a team of individuals assisting them,
and who need additional office space, provided that you shall not then, or at any time thereafter prior to the
opening of such Team Office, be in default of any of your obligations arising under the Franchise
Agreement and upon the additional conditions set forth below.  You will be required to sign the Team
Office Amendment (attached as Exhibit A-4 for each Team Office you establish).

Permission to establish a Team Office shall be within RE/MAX Regional’s sole and absolute
discretion.  Factors RE/MAX Regional will consider in determining whether to grant you the right to
establish a Team Office include, without limitation, the location of the proposed Team Office, population
growth and the overall market share enjoyed by RE/MAX in the area of the proposed Team Office and
other market conditions that may affect the desirability of establishing a Team Office.  You will be required
to pay a Team Office Initial Fee of $1,000 (see Item 5), plus a monthly ongoing Team Office fee of $100
per month (see Item 6), for each Team Office that you open.  If you are renewing an existing Team Office,
you will be required to sign the Team Office Amendment (attached as Exhibit A-4) and pay a Team Office
renewal fee of $500, plus a monthly ongoing Team Office fee of $100 per month for each Team Office that
you renew (see Item 6).  Each Team Office must be located at a site approved by RE/MAX Regional.  Each
Team Office shall operate as a part of the Office (i.e., as a branch of the Office operating under and as a
part of the same ownership as the Office), shall operate under the same name as the Office, and, except as
otherwise provided in the Franchise Agreement, shall comply with and be subject in every respect to all of
the terms, conditions, provisions and restrictions of the Franchise Agreement as are applicable to the Office.
RE/MAX Regional is not under any obligation to provide Team Offices any of the services and benefits
made available to the Office although RE/MAX Regional may, in its sole and absolute discretion, provide
some services and benefits to Team Offices.

Team Offices shall be “address only” locations and therefore shall have no protected area or
territorial exclusivity whatsoever.  Each Team Office must have at least 600 square feet but not more than
1,500 square feet of office space (RE/MAX Regional may, in its sole and absolute discretion, allow a Team
Office to have more than 1,500 square feet of office space).

If you are operating a Team Office and wish to continue operating it upon renewal of your franchise
relationship, you will also be required to sign the Team Office Amendment (attached as Exhibit A-4).

Neither you nor any other RE/MAX office is limited to listing, selling, purchasing, exchanging,
managing or otherwise dealing with property or representing clients or customers within any defined
geographic area.  However, you will be expected to meet high standards of real estate service and
professionalism reflective of the goodwill and respect enjoyed by the RE/MAX name and organization.
These expectations can only be met by limiting your real estate services to market areas where you can
serve customers and clients directly and personally and where you have the greatest knowledge of local
conditions, infrastructures, and the housing market.  Accordingly, if you are asked to provide real estate
services in areas in which you are unable to meet such requirements or elect not to provide service, you will
be required to refer the request to the RE/MAX office for that area.


RE/MAX Integrated Regions FDD
April 2024

RE/MAX Regional or RE/MAX, LLC may establish company-owned outlets using the Marks.  In
addition, from time to time, RE/MAX, LLC or any one of its affiliates (which affiliate may be an entity
controlled or owned, in whole or in part, by RE/MAX, LLC or by any other entity related to RE/MAX,
LLC or by any of RE/MAX, LLC’s or its related entities’ officers, managers, directors or shareholders),
may acquire existing RE/MAX real estate offices or independent (non-RE/MAX) real estate brokerage
companies and convert these independent companies to RE/MAX offices operating under the Marks.  For
example, affiliates of RE/MAX, LLC once operated RE/MAX franchises in Oregon, Washington, Virginia
and Maryland.  RE/MAX, LLC or its affiliates may in the future acquire existing RE/MAX offices and/or
independent real estate companies.

Neither RE/MAX, LLC nor its affiliates have established other channels of distribution using the
Marks, but expressly reserve the right to use alternative distribution, including the Internet, in any location
including in your area under our trademarks or different trademarks.  RE/MAX, LLC is not required to pay
any compensation for soliciting or accepting business in your area.

Neither RE/MAX, LLC nor its affiliates have established or have any presently formulated plans
to establish other franchises or company-owned outlets, or another channel of distribution, selling or leasing
similar products or services under different trademarks, but expressly reserve the right to do so in the future.

You do not receive the right to acquire additional franchises, although you may, under certain
circumstances as set forth above, have an opportunity to establish a Team Office.







RE/MAX Integrated Regions FDD
April 2024