ITEM 12
TERRITORY


The Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate a Market Center at a single location in the
Awarded Area we grant to you, which we must approve in writing in advance.  You must operate the Market
Center only at this approved location and may not relocate the Market Center without our prior written
consent.  If you lose possession of the original Market Center premises, you may request permission to
relocate to a temporary site subject to our consent and the same site selection procedures.  We specify the
approved location’s street address in the Information Summary to the Franchise Agreement.

The Awarded Area usually encompasses a portion of a city, county or an unincorporated area. The
initial boundaries of the Awarded Area are determined based on the historical annual gross sales reported
by real estate brokers in the area in which the Market Center is to be located. (See Item 5).  We will not
award you an Awarded Area that exceeds a total real estate volume (single count) that is equal to the average
sales price of residential property in the Awarded Area times 1,000 sold units within the past 12 months
preceding the measurement date, as reported by the local MLS. The Awarded Area will be described in the
Information Summary to the Franchise Agreement, typically by boundary streets or highways, county lines
or by another method of delineation we designate.

The business of the Market Center will exclusively be the real estate brokerage business and the
delivery of approved services, if applicable.
April 26, 2024, as amended August 5, 2024 (FTC)

We also have the right to adjust the size of the Awarded Area at any time during the term of the
Franchise Agreement if, in our sole business judgment, the Awarded Area is found to encompass an area
that holds an annual sales potential equivalent to substantially more than 1,000 sold units times the average
sales price of residential property in the Awarded Area during the 12 months preceding the measurement
date as reported by the local MLS.  Before we adjust the size of your Awarded Area, we will give you
reasonable advance notice of our decision to adjust the size of the Awarded Area.  Also, if (and only if) you
qualify as a multi-Market Center operator under the standards then set forth in the Brand Standards
Manuals, we will offer you an option, exercisable within 60 days after we give you notice of our intention
to adjust the size of the Awarded Area, to acquire a franchise for a Market Center located in the part of the
Awarded Area that we excluded from the original Market Center’s Awarded Area if the excluded area
independently qualifies for a new Market Center Awarded Area.  We will describe in the option notice the
boundaries of the area we intend to award for a new Market Center.  We will describe the boundaries of the
adjusted Awarded Area in a new Information Summary to the Franchise Agreement.  In no case will the
adjusted Awarded Area hold an annual sales potential (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) of less than
a total real estate volume (single count) that is equal to the average sales price of residential property in the
adjusted Awarded Area times 1,000 sold units within the past 12 months preceding the measurement date,
as reported by the local MLS.

From time to time we offer and award Awarded Areas that may be larger or smaller than the size
of our traditional Awarded Areas.  If we do offer and award larger Awarded Areas we may modify or
remove the exclusivity you have in the larger Awarded Area and if we do offer and award smaller Awarded
Areas we will modify the criteria and parameters for setting and adjusting Awarded Areas during the term
of those Franchise Agreements, and may establish different requirements for the operation of those Market
Centers.

We, any franchisee, and any other authorized person or entity may, at any time, (i) advertise or
promote the Keller Williams name and concept in your Awarded Area and provide real estate brokerage
services and any other approved services to customers in the Awarded Area; (ii) may solicit or accept
listings of properties located in the Awarded Area and otherwise act as a real estate broker for customers
and properties located in the Awarded Area; (iii) may operate Temporary New Home Marketing Locations
in the Awarded Area; and (iv) may recruit real estate brokers and Associates in and from the Awarded Area.
Neither we, nor any franchisee, or any other authorized person or entity will be required to pay you any
compensation for performing these above activities in your Awarded Area.  In addition, we may offer and
provide at and from locations in the Awarded Area (1) various real estate brokerage services under the
Trademarks and under names and marks other than the Trademarks, and (2) products and services that may
be similar to those offered by Market Centers.  You may solicit and accept clients or customers outside of
the Awarded Area, including the right to use other channels of distribution that we may authorize, such as
online, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to make sales outside of the Awarded Area.

You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  However,
during the term of the Franchise Agreement and for so long as you are in full compliance with the terms
and conditions of the Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or authorize any other person or entity to
operate a bricks and mortar Market Center inside the Awarded Area.  We have and retain the rights, and
any other Market Center franchisee and any other authorized person has and retains, the rights, among
others (i) to advertise or promote the Keller Williams® brand, system and the Trademarks in the Awarded
Area, (ii) to solicit or accept listings of and show property located in the Awarded Area and otherwise act
as a real estate broker for customers and properties located in the Awarded Area, (iii) to operate Temporary
New Home Marketing Locations in the Awarded Area; and (iv) to establish a Business Center or Mega
Agent Office with your consent. Further, we may offer and provide (and may authorize others to offer and
provide) at and from locations in the Awarded Area products and services that may be the same as or similar
to those offered by Market Centers, and may develop or use, including in connection with the sale of
products and services similar to the products and services you offer through any alternative methods of
April 26, 2024, as amended August 5, 2024 (FTC)
distribution such as the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales.  In all
cases, you will not receive any compensation for any such sales.

Other than the adjustments to the Awarded Area described earlier in this Item, the territorial rights
granted to you under the Franchise Agreement is not dependent on the achievement of any sales volume,
market penetration or other contingency.  However, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement if,
beginning in the sixth month after the Market Center opens, you (i) fail to achieve average monthly Gross
Commissions in excess of $20,000 during any consecutive 3-month period, (ii) beginning in the 13th month
after the Market Center begins operations, you fail to maintain average monthly Gross Commissions in
excess of $45,000 during any consecutive 3-month period, or (iii) beginning in the 25th month after the
Market Center begins operations, you fail to maintain average monthly Gross Commissions in excess of
$125,000 during any 3-month period. (See Item 17).  If we offer and award Awarded Areas that are smaller
than the size of our traditional Awarded Areas, we will modify the criteria and parameters for terminating
the Franchise Agreement based on your failure to achieve certain average monthly Gross Commissions. If
we offer and award Awarded Areas that are larger than the size of our traditional Awarded Areas, we may
modify or remove the exclusivity you have in the larger Awarded Area.

We also have the right to adjust the metropolitan area (used for the determination of when a
relocation service fee will be imposed (see Item 6) in which the Market Center is located as a result of
changes to the geographic boundaries of the metropolitan area.

We do not generally grant any rights of first refusal to purchase additional territory or to operate
additional Market Centers.  If you wish to operate more than one Market Center, you must sign a separate
Franchise Agreement for each Market Center.  You must also qualify as a multi-unit operator under our
Multiple Market Center Criteria, which appear in our Brand Standards Manuals.


The Business Center is approved to operate solely from the physical address that we approve, as
set forth in the Business Center Addendum.  You must establish the Business Center in your Market Center
Awarded Area or, in limited circumstances, in an unawarded area where no Market Center exists and which
is contiguous to your Awarded Area.  The location of the site for the Business Center must be approved by
us in writing.  Until the expiration or earlier termination of the Business Center Addendum and subject to
your full compliance with the terms and conditions of the Business Center Addendum, we will not establish
nor authorize any other person or entity to establish within the Market Center Awarded Area, another
Business Center or Market Center utilizing the Trademarks and System.  A Business Center approved to
operate outside of the host Market Center’s territory may have a term that expires prior to the Franchise
Agreement and is subject to termination if it is located within the territory of a Market Center subsequently
approved by us.

We, any franchisees, and any other authorized person or entity may, at any time, advertise or
promote the Keller Williams name and concept and provide real estate services and any other approved
services to any customer of the Business Center or property located in the Market Center Awarded Area in
which the Business Center is located or in proximity of the Business Center, including, soliciting and
accepting listings for properties, advertising or promoting the sale or rental of property, otherwise acting as
a real estate broker for customers and properties, operating Temporary New Home Marketing Locations,
recruiting real estate brokers and Associates and performing any other real estate services developed from
time to time. We may also (1) offer and sell and may authorize others to offer and provide products and
services relating to real estate brokerage business under names and marks other than the Trademarks, as
well as under the Trademarks, in and from locations within the Market Center Awarded Area in which the
Business Center is located or in proximity to the Business Center, (2) offer and sell and may authorize
others to offer and sell products and services which may be similar to those offered by the Business Center
under other names and marks other than the Trademarks, as well as under the Trademarks, in and from
locations within the Market Center Awarded Area in which the Business Center is located or in proximity
to the Business Center, if offered and sold other than through a Market Center operating under the System,
and (3) offer and sell or authorize any person or entity to offer and sell approved services within the Market
April 26, 2024, as amended August 5, 2024 (FTC)
Center Awarded Area in which the Business Center is located or in proximity to the Business Center
pursuant to the provisions set forth above for the Market Center.


Neither we, nor any franchisee, or any other authorized person or entity will be required to pay you
any compensation for performing these activities in your Business Center or the Market Center Awarded
Area in which the Business Center is located, or in proximity to the Business Center.  In addition, we may
offer and provide at and from locations in the Market Center Awarded Area in which the Business Center
is located or in proximity to the Business Center and through any channel of distribution, such as the
internet, (1) various real estate brokerage services under the Trademarks and under names and marks other
than the Trademarks, and (2) products and services that may be similar to those offered by Business Centers,
but under names and marks other than the Trademarks.

We may require you to convert a Business Center into a Market Center any time after the first
anniversary of the Addendum, on 90 days’ written notice.  In addition, you may request to convert the
Business Center into a Market Center at any time during the term of the Addendum. To convert the Business
Center to a Market Center, you must meet our then-current criteria for a new Market Center; sign the then-
current form of Franchise Agreement; and pay the then-current initial franchise fee.  We may review and
modify, in our discretion, the size of the Business Center in comparison with the size of Awarded Areas
then being granted to Market Centers in the region. You may solicit and accept clients or customers outside
of the physical address of your Business Center, including the right to use other channels of distribution
that we may authorize, such as online, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to make sales outside of
the physical address of your Business Center.

We also offer to existing Franchisees the right to open and operate a Temporary New Homes Sales
Location.  The Temporary New Homes Sales Location is available to you if you have obtained an exclusive
listing to sell all or substantially all of the new homes for a specific new home development, and if as a
condition to obtaining the listing, you must agree to occupy a model home or other facility on the premises
of the development for the purpose of selling new homes at the development for a limited period.  Neither
you nor any other Associates are permitted to conduct any other listing, sales, or other real estate services
from the Temporary New Homes Sales Location, without our express written permission.

As noted in Item 1, if you wish to operate a New Homes Sales Location, you must enter into an
Addendum to the Franchise Agreement to open a Temporary New Homes Sales Location, which is attached
to this Disclosure Document as Exhibit D.  We have the right to review, in our discretion, the listing
agreement you enter into in connection with the Temporary New Homes Sales Location Addendum.  You
must operate the Temporary New Sales Location in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Franchise Agreement and the standards and specifications in the Brand Standards Manuals.


Except for KW Worldwide’s development of real estate franchises in areas outside of the United
States and Canada, neither we nor any of our affiliates operate, franchise, or have plans to operate or
franchise a business under a different trademark, which business sells or will sell goods or services similar
to those you will offer.  (See Item 1.)