ITEM 12
TERRITORY
We or any affiliate may establish, and/or otherwise license others to establish, at any location other
than your Tim Hortons Shop’s premises, regardless of its geographic proximity to or impact on your Tim
Hortons Shop, other outlets under the same or different Tim Hortons Trademarks and/or under the same or
different system, including the Tim Hortons System (regardless of whether the outlet may compete with
your location).  We can also sell or distribute, or license others to sell or distribute, at retail or wholesale,
any products or services under any mark, including the Tim Hortons Trademarks, at or from any location,
regardless of its geographic proximity to or its impact on your Tim Hortons Shop, or by means of telephone,
television, mail order, catalogue, and/or computerized or other electronic remote entry ordering systems,
including, the Internet, delivery units, kiosks, grocery or convenience stores, express units, catering, home
delivery, food trucks, mail order, and other mobile means of delivery.  There are no restrictions on us from
soliciting or selling goods or services to customers in your market using any channel of distribution under
our Tim Hortons Trademarks or otherwise.  We will not pay you any compensation for soliciting or
accepting orders in your market.  All of our rights above apply under a Franchise Agreement, an Operator
Agreement and under a Development Agreement.  Under each of these agreements, you will not receive
exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from
other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
In certain circumstances, and in our sole discretion, we may grant you certain non-exclusive
development rights under a Development Agreement. Under a Development Agreement, you must open a
minimum number of new Franchised Restaurants in a designated area, or “Territory”.  We will determine
the size and location of the Territory at the time you sign the Development Agreement.  In determining the
size of the Territory we consider various factors, including the number of Franchised Restaurants you are
committing to develop, your business acumen, financial wherewithal and any prior experience you may
have as a developer.  Although the size of a Territory will vary based upon the particular circumstances of
the transaction, Territories will generally be a designated market area that we determine based upon
information available to us at the time.  The Territory applies only to the development of Franchised
Restaurants in the Territory.  If you do not meet the development schedule as to the number and types of
Franchised Restaurants you must open in the Territory, we can terminate the Development Agreement.
All Tim Hortons Shop locations must be approved by us based on our then-current standards.  You
may not relocate the Tim Hortons Shop without our prior written consent, which will be granted or withheld
based on our then-current standards, including proximity to other Tim Hortons Shops and desirability of
the new location.
The Franchise Agreement, Development Agreement, and Operator Agreement do not provide you
with any options, rights of first refusal, similar rights to acquire additional franchises or provide you the
right to develop any other restaurant brand that may be franchised by us or any affiliate.
Under a Franchise Agreement and Operator Agreement, there are no restrictions on customers to
whom you may sell, but except as permitted by us, all sales must be made at your Tim Hortons Shop
premises and any advertising or Internet presence must be approved by us.  You may not sell any goods or
services from or to any location other than your Shop premises except as permitted by us.
As explained in Item 1, our affiliates BKC, BK Europe, BK APac,  BK Canada, BKA IP, and BKL
IP each franchise the operation of and/or operate Burger King® restaurants, our affiliates PLK, PLK
Europe, and PLK APAC franchise the operation of and operate Popeyes® restaurants, and our affiliates
FOA, Firehouse APAC, Firehouse Europe, and Firehouse Canada franchise the operation of and operate
Firehouse Subs® restaurants.  The principal business address of BKC and PLK is 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive,
Item 12
03/2024
Miami, Florida 33126.  The principal business address of FOA is 12735 Gran Bay Parkway, Suite 150
Jacksonville, Florida 32258. The principal business address of BK Europe, Firehouse Europe and PLK
Europe is Dammstrasse 23, 6300 Zug, Switzerland.  The principal business address of BK Apac, Firehouse
APAC and PLK APAC is 8 Cross Street, Manulife Tower, #28-01, Singapore 048424.  The principal
business address of BK Canada and Firehouse Canada is 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario
M5X 1E1, Canada. The principal business address of BKA IP and BKL IP is Am Mattenhof 2D, 6010
Kriens, Switzerland. Burger King® restaurants, Popeyes® restaurants, Firehouse Subs® restaurants and
Tim Hortons Shops currently offer significantly different menus but they do also offer some similar goods
and they may offer similar goods or services in the future.  For example, all four currently offer sandwiches,
french fried potatoes and/or chips, dessert items and beverages.  We will not grant you a territory, unless
we enter into an Development Agreement with you as described above and in any event there may be now
or in the future Burger King® restaurants, Popeyes® restaurants and/or Firehouse Subs® restaurants
located in the same market in the U.S. as current or future Tim Hortons Shops.  These Burger King®,
Popeyes® and Firehouse Subs® restaurants could be company-owned, franchised or both.  If there is a
conflict between you and us caused by a Burger King®, Popeyes® or Firehouse Subs® restaurant or
between a Tim Hortons franchisee and a Burger King®, Popeyes® or Firehouse Subs® franchisee, our
management team will attempt to resolve the conflict after taking into account the specific facts of each
situation and what is in the best interests of the affected system or systems.  However, we are not responsible
for resolving conflicts between or among Tim Hortons franchisees, or between or among a Tim Hortons
franchisee and a Burger King®, Popeyes® or Firehouse Subs® franchisee.
Except as previously described in Item 1 and in this Item 12, neither we nor any of our affiliates
has established or presently intends to establish other franchises or company-owned or affiliate-owned
outlets which sell similar products or services under a different trade name or trademark.  However, we and
our affiliates have retained the right to do so in the future.
4874-2362-7435, v. 4
Item 13
03/2024