ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement.

The Franchise Agreement grants to you the right to own and operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at a specific location.  You may
not conduct the business of your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe at any site other than the Premises, described in your Franchise Agreement, or
relocate your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe without our prior written consent.  The Franchise Agreement does not provide you with any options,
rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.  You may not develop a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within one (1) mile
of another Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe (which is either open or has been approved by us for development) in a geographic area not included
in your Area Development Agreement.

Except as noted in this Item 12, we will not operate a Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe or grant to a third party the right to operate a
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe within a geographic area (the “Protected Area”) consisting of a one (1) mile radius from the center of the Premises,
unless the parties have identified a different Protected Area in the Site Acceptance Letter attached to the Franchise Agreement.  It is
anticipated that a Protected Area set forth in the Site Acceptance Letter generally will be used in connection with Bakery-Cafes located in
geographical areas of two types, although it possibly could be used in other circumstances as well, such as non-traditional locations.  The first
type is defined as an “Urban Residential area” with residential population greater than 50,000 people within a 2-mile radius of a site; the
second type is a “City Center area” which is defined as having daytime population of greater than 20,000 people within a ¼-mile radius of a
site.  If both of these types apply to a location, then a “City Center area” criteria will be used for the Protected Area.

In case of an “Urban Residential area,” we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a ½-mile radius for areas with greater
than 50,000 and less than 100,000 residential population within a 2-mile radius.  When the residential population is greater than 100,000
people within a 2-mile radius, we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a 1/4-mile radius.

In case of a “City Center area,” we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a 4-block polygon radius for areas with
greater than 20,000 and less than 30,000 daytime population within a ¼-mile radius.  When the daytime population is greater than 30,000
and less than 40,000 in a ¼-mile radius, the Protected Area is reduced to a 3-block polygon radius.  When the daytime population is greater
than 40,000 and less than 50,000 in a ¼-mile radius, the Protected Area is reduced to a 2-block polygon radius.  Finally, when the daytime
population is greater than 50,000 employees in a ¼-mile radius, we may, at our discretion, reduce the Protected Area to a 1-block polygon
radius.

Notwithstanding the territorial protection provided in the Protected Area, we have the right to operate (directly or through an
Affiliate) and grant to others the right to operate within the Protected Area:

(a)
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes or other retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes and bakeries) using any part or
all of the System and Marks that are (i) located within retail outlets, restaurants, grocery stores, supermarkets and other channels of
distribution (including wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants, supermarkets, grocery stores, caterers and other
outlets); or (ii) located at transportation facilities (such as airport facilities, inter-MSA train and/or bus stations, turnpikes or other
limited access highway rest stops), hospitals, colleges, universities, sports arenas, military facilities and entertainment facilities, or
where any locations or its food operations are controlled by a third party or in our judgment should be operated by a third party;
and

(b)
retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes and bakeries) that we purchase (or as to which we purchase the
rights as franchisor) that are part of another franchise system or chain, regardless whether any or all of them are converted to use
any or all of the Marks and the System or continue to be operated independently.

We have no obligation to compensate you for our soliciting or accepting orders from within your Protected Area.

We reserve all rights not expressly granted under the Franchise Agreement.  Accordingly, except for rights expressly granted to you under
the Franchise Agreement, we retain all of our rights and discretion with respect to the Marks, the System and Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes
anywhere in the world, including the right to:

(a)
operate, and grant others the right to operate, Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes at locations and on terms and conditions we
deem appropriate (you acknowledge that such Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes may be in direct competition with your Bakery-Cafe,
without regard to any adverse effects of such activities on your Bakery-Cafe and without any obligation or liability to you);
Panera - 2024 FDD (46)
April 2024 Panera FDD
ACTIVE\200237947.2

(b)
sell any products or services under any tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through
other channels of distribution (including but not limited to wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants, supermarkets,
grocery stores, caterers and other outlets and using such media as deemed appropriate including the Internet, catalog sales,
telemarketing or other direct marketing); and

(c)
operate, and grant to others the right to operate, retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes and bakeries)
identified by trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than the Marks, under terms and conditions we deem appropriate.

As discussed below under Competing Businesses, we distribute certain “Panera” branded products through other channels of
distribution, and Paradise and Au Bon Pain, affiliates of ours, have the right, within the Protected Area and elsewhere: (a) to sell products
and services under their respective principal marks, namely “Paradise Bakery & Café” (or “Paradise Bakery”) and “Au Bon Pain”, respectively,
and their related marks and trade dress; (b) to sell their branded products and services through other channels of distribution; and (c) to
operate, and grant others the right to operate, retail food establishments identified by the marks “Paradise” and “Au Bon Pain”, respectively,
and their related trade names, trademarks, service marks, and trade dress.

Except as noted above, we do not grant exclusivity.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from
other franchisees, from outlets that we own, and from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  Continuation
of your rights to the Protected Area is not dependent upon your achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration or other
contingency.  After the Franchise Agreement has been executed, we may not alter the Protected Area without your consent.  You may not,
without our prior written consent, use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct
marketing, to make sales outside the Protected Area.

Under the Franchise Agreement, we may grant you a non-exclusive right to provide offsite catering and/or small order delivery
services for certain food products we may authorize from time to time within a geographical area around your Bakery-Cafe that we may
designate from time to time ("Catering/Delivery Area").  You may not provide any such services to or at locations outside the
Catering/Delivery Area without our prior consent, and under no circumstances may you provide any such services to or at locations within
the designated Catering/Delivery Area for any Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes owned or operated by us or another franchisee.  Any consent to
provide such services beyond the Catering/Delivery Area may be revoked at any time.  We have the right, in our sole discretion, at any time
and from time to time, to revoke our authorization for your Bakery-Cafe to provide offsite catering and/or delivery services and to modify
or reduce any Catering/Delivery Area.  In such event, you agree to promptly discontinue offsite catering and/or delivery services in the
affected geographical area, notwithstanding that you may have provided such services within such area prior thereto.  You will not be entitled
to any compensation for any elimination or reduction of the Catering/Delivery Area.

Area Development Agreement.

The Area Development Agreement grants you the right to develop an agreed upon number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes within a
geographic area described in Exhibit A to the Area Development Agreement (the “Development Area”).  The size of the Development Area
will depend on the number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes suitable for the Development Area, as you and we determine in light of factors
such as population density and the residential or commercial character of the Development Area.  The number of Panera Bread Bakery-
Cafes and the dates they are to be open and operating will be set out in Exhibit A to the Area Development Agreement (the “Development
Schedule”).  The Area Development Agreement does not provide you with any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire or
develop additional Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in the Development Area or in any other geographic area.  You may not develop a Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe within one (1) mile of another Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe (which is either open or operating or has been approved by us
for development) in a geographic area not included in your Area Development Agreement.

During the term of the Area Development Agreement and provided you, your Owners and your Affiliates are in compliance with
the Area Development Agreement and all other agreements with us or any of our Affiliates (including Franchise Agreements signed under
the Area Development Agreement), we will: (a) grant to you, in accordance with Section 3 of the Area Development Agreement, that
cumulative number of franchises for Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in Exhibit A to the Area Development Agreement, all of which are to be
located within the Development Area; and (b) not operate (directly or through an affiliate), nor grant others the right to operate, any Panera
Bread Bakery-Cafe located within the Development Area, except for: (1) franchises granted under the Area Development Agreement; (2)
Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes open (or under commitment to open) as of the date of the Area Development Agreement; (3) Panera Bread
Bakery-Cafes or other retail food establishments using any part or all of the System and/or Marks that are: (i) located within retail outlets,
restaurants, grocery stores, supermarkets or other channels of distribution (including wholesale distribution of baked goods to restaurants,
Panera - 2024 FDD (47)
April 2024 Panera FDD
ACTIVE\200237947.2
supermarkets, grocery stores, caterers and other outlets); or (ii) located at transportation facilities (such as airport facilities, inter-MSA train
and/or bus stations, turnpikes or other limited access highway rest stops), hospitals, colleges, universities, sports arenas, military facilities and
entertainment facilities, or where any locations or its food operations are controlled by a third party or in our judgment should be operated
by a third party; and (4) retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes or bakeries) that we purchase (or as to which we purchase the
rights as franchisor) that are part of another franchise system or chain, regardless whether any or all of them are converted to use any or all
of the Marks and the System or continue to be operated independently.

Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Area Development Agreement, we retain all of our rights and discretion with respect
to the Marks, the System and Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes anywhere in the world, including the right to: (a) operate, and grant to others the
right to operate, Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes at the locations and on the terms and conditions we deem appropriate; (b) sell any products or
services under any trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through other channels of distribution, (including wholesale
distribution of bread, baked goods or other products to restaurants, grocery stores, caterers and other outlets and using such media as deemed
appropriate including the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing); and (c) operate, and grant to others the right to
operate, retail food establishments (including restaurants, cafes or bakeries) identified by tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade
dress, other than the Marks, on the terms and conditions we deem appropriate.

In the Development Area you must have open and operating, on the dates they are to be open and operating, the cumulative
number of Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes as set forth in the Development Schedule and we must have issued to you that number of Site
Acceptance Letters by the dates set forth in the Site Acceptance Letter Schedule.  We have no obligation under any circumstances to extend
the Development Schedule or the Site Acceptance Letter Schedule.  Your failure to develop and operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes in
accordance with the Development Schedule or to have Site Acceptance Letters issued in accordance with the Site Acceptance Letter Schedule
will be a material breach of the Area Development Agreement.

As a condition to entering into a new Area Development Agreement for additional development in a development area where you
operate Panera Bread Bakery-Cafes (whether you developed the Bakery-Cafes or purchased the Bakery-Cafes) we may require a commitment
from you to remodel the existing Bakery-Cafes you own.  You must re-equip, upgrade and/or remodel your Bakery-Cafes, pursuant to our
then-current policy, process, plans and specifications, including, but not limited to equipment and production enhancements.  Your failure
to remodel the Bakery-Cafes in accordance with the Remodel Schedule will be a material breach of the Area Development Agreement.

Competing Businesses.

As described in Item 1, we recognize that the “Saint Louis Bread” name has valuable name recognition in St. Louis, Missouri.
Accordingly, some of our company-owned Bakery-Cafes in the St. Louis, Missouri market area will operate under the “Saint Louis Bread”
name.  All other company-owned and franchised Bakery-Cafes will operate under the “Panera Bread” name.

As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we distribute Panera branded soups through select retailers in selected United States
markets using a third-party manufacturer distributor (the “Retail Soup Program”) and also distribute salad dressings, ground coffee products,
bread, bagels, English muffins, macaroni and cheese, pastas, flatbreads, rolls and dips through other channels of distribution.  Generally, we
refer to the distribution and sale of our branded items in other retail locations as Panera at Home, or our Consumer Packaged Goods Program
(“CPG”).  Currently we are exploring other potential retail opportunities.


As described in Item 1, we have, through common ownership by Parent Company and JAB, affiliates whose stores/restaurants sell
goods and services that are similar to the goods and services that you will sell from your Panera Bread Bakery-Cafe.  There will be no
restrictions on any of the stores/restaurants operating, or soliciting or accepting orders, within the Development Areas under Area
Development Agreements or Protected Areas under Franchise Agreements.  As Panera operates independently, it is not anticipated that
there will be any procedures to resolve any potential conflicts regarding territory, customers or franchisor support.




Panera - 2024 FDD (48)
April 2024 Panera FDD
ACTIVE\200237947.2