ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Target Reservation Agreement and Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
You may only develop your Popeyes Restaurant at a site we have approved.  If you are signing a
TRA that site will be included at the time you sign the TRA. The MTRA defines one or more Target Areas
in which we authorize you to search for one or more Popeyes Restaurant sites.  You may only develop
Franchised Restaurants in these Areas and you will not be granted any exclusivity in these Areas.  There
are no restrictions on us in these Target Areas.
You do not have any right to prevent or restrict the development of other restaurants at any locations
in these Target Areas, at any time.  We and our affiliates also have the right to sell products including
POPEYES branded products, in other channels of distribution like grocery stores, convenience stores, the
internet or other direct marketing sales under the POPEYES Marks or any others anywhere in these Target
Areas.  We may establish and license other Popeyes Restaurants to operate at locations in these Target
Areas, including in the vicinity of your Franchised Restaurant.  Other Popeyes Restaurants may compete
with your Franchised Restaurant or may affect customer trading patterns.  You will not receive an exclusive
territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
You have no right to relocate your Franchised Restaurant other than with our prior written approval.
The conditions under which we will grant this approval vary according to the circumstances.
Development Agreement
We occasionally grant Development Agreements.  These agreements are typically granted only to
sophisticated, highly experienced Franchisees. Development Agreements usually contain strict
development schedules for multiple sites.  The terms are subject to negotiation. When we issue a
Development Agreement, we and the developer may negotiate other operational and financial terms to help
achieve efficient and effective penetration and support of the market.  If you sign the Development
Agreement included as Exhibit C3, we will grant you a geographic area (“Territory”) and you must develop
Franchised Restaurants within the Territory.
In limited circumstances, and subject to your compliance with your Development Agreement and
any other agreements you or your affiliates may have with us, we may grant you the right during the term
of your Development Agreement to develop Popeyes Restaurants in specific geographic areas within the
Territory that you and we agree to.  We refer to these areas as “Target Locations”  Other than this grant
there are no other prohibitions on us in your Territory or the Target Locations.  For example, the right to
develop, open and operate Popeye’s Restaurants at Alternative Venues (as discussed below) are specifically
excluded from this grant.  Additionally, the “Protected Area” granted by us to any Franchisee under a
Franchise Agreement entered into before, on or after the Commencement Date of your Development
Agreement is also excluded from and not considered a part of the Territory.  We can, and we can grant
others the right to, develop and operate Popeyes Restaurants within and outside the Territory so long as
they are not in a Target Location. Rights or approvals we have granted to franchisees or others will not be
affected by this limited grant, including rights or approvals granted under Development Agreements that
existed before the execution of your Development Agreement.  This grant will not limit our ability to renew
or extend existing Franchise Agreements or Development Agreements within or outside the Territory, or to
enter into new agreements for Popeyes Restaurants within or outside the Territory, including new
development agreements, whether previously approved and under development or otherwise.  You will not
receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement.  You may face competition from other
Item 12
03/2024
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.
As discussed above, the Territory does not include Alternative Venues (as defined below) and the
protected area of any existing Popeyes Restaurant (including any closed Popeyes Restaurant that may re-
open), even though these facilities may be located in the Territory or relocated in the Territory in accordance
with our then-current relocation policy.  Alternative Venues are defined as Popeyes Restaurants located in:
(1) transportation facilities (including airports, train stations, bus stations, etc.); (2) toll road plazas; (3)
educational facilities (including schools, colleges and universities); (4) enclosed shopping malls; (5)
institutional feeding facilities (including hospitals, hotels and corporate cafeterias); (6) government
institutions and facilities; (7) military bases; (8) casinos; (9) amusement, recreational and theme parks; (10)
stadiums, arenas, and convention centers; and (11) delivery facilities (e.g., ghost kitchens).
Franchise Agreement
When you sign a Franchise Agreement for a Franchised Restaurant that is not an Alternative Venue,
you will be granted a geographic area within which we will not open, nor license anyone other than you to
open, a Popeyes Restaurant that is physically located in this area during the term of the Franchise Agreement
(“Protected Area”).  The Protected Area will consist of an area equal to the lesser of: (1) a 1 mile radius
around the Franchised Restaurant, and (2) an area surrounding the Franchised Restaurant encompassing a
population (residential and workplace combined) of 50,000 people.  The limited exclusivity granted in the
Protected Area does not apply to:  (a) existing Popeyes Restaurants;  (b) any closed Popeyes Restaurant
that may re-open within three years from the closing date of such Restaurant; and (c) Popeyes Restaurants
for which Franchise Agreements were previously granted.  We also have the right to make and license
others to make wholesale and retail sales of products identified by Popeyes trademarks within the Protected
Area. The limited exclusivity does not apply to Alternative Venues nor do Alternative Venues receive
Protected Areas. You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement. You may face
competition from other Popeyes Restaurants that we franchise or own and operate.  Also, you may face
competition from other outlets that we franchise or own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands we may control.
We have the right periodically to reduce or modify the Protected Area to reflect population shifts;
however, if less than a 1-mile radius, the Protected Area always will include a population of at least 50,000
people.  Except as provided in the previous sentence, we cannot alter the Protected Area.
When we evaluate the Protected Area for future Popeyes Restaurants that you develop under the
Development Agreement we will apply our then-current policies and standards.
You may only operate the Franchised Restaurant from the location we have approved. You will not
be restricted from soliciting or accepting orders from customers that may be located elsewhere.  Similarly,
other Popeyes Restaurants will not be restricted from soliciting or accepting orders from customers located
in the vicinity of your Franchised Restaurant.  You may not relocate the Franchised Restaurant without our
prior written consent. We will evaluate your relocation request under our then-current relocation policy as
well as our then-current site selection criteria, however, we have no obligation to approve your request. We
will not permit you to relocate your Franchised Restaurant within the Protected Area assigned to another
Popeyes Restaurant.
You do not have the right under the Franchise Agreement to acquire additional franchises.
Although we have not done so, we may sell products under the Trademarks or under different
trademarks within and outside your Protected Area through any method of distribution, other than a
Item 12
03/2024
dedicated Popeyes Restaurant, including sales through such channels of distribution as the Internet, catalog
sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales (together, “alternative distribution channels”).  You
may not use alternative distribution channels to make sales outside or inside your Protected Area and you
will receive no compensation for our sales through alternative distribution channels.  However, subject to
our approval, you may use the internet to advertise your Popeyes Restaurant.
Burger King, Tim Hortons, and Firehouse Subs Restaurants
As explained in Item 1, our affiliates BKC, BK Europe, BK APac, ,BK Canada, BKA IP, and BKL
IP each franchise the operation of and/or operate Burger King® restaurants, our affiliates, THUSA., TH
APAC, TH International and TDL each franchise the operation of and operate Tim Hortons restaurants, and
our affiliates FOA, Firehouse Canada, FRG, LLC, Firehouse Europe, and Firehouse APAC franchise the
operation of and operate Firehouse Subs® restaurants. The principal business address of BKC and THUSA
is the same as ours, 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami, Florida 33126.  The principal business address of
FOA and FRG, LLC is 12735 Gran Bay Parkway, Suite 150 Jacksonville, Florida 32258. The principal
business address of BK Europe, TH International, and Firehouse Europe is Dammstrasse 23, 6300 Zug,
Switzerland.  The principal business address of BK APac, TH APAC and Firehouse APAC is 8 Cross Street,
Manulife Tower, #28-01, Singapore 048424.  The principal business address of BK Canada, TDL and
Firehouse Canada is 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1, Canada. The principal
business address of BKA IP and BKL IP is Am Mattenhof 2D, 6010 Kriens, Switzerland.
Burger King® restaurants, Tim Hortons restaurants, Firehouse Subs® restaurants, and Popeyes
Restaurants currently offer significantly different menus but they do also offer some similar goods and they
may offer similar goods or services in the future.  For example, all four currently offer sandwiches, french
fried potatoes, and/or chips, dessert items and beverages.  There may be now or in the future Burger King®
restaurants, Tim Hortons restaurants, and/or Firehouse Subs® restaurants located in the same market as
current and future Popeyes Restaurants. These Burger King®, Tim Hortons, and Firehouse Subs®
restaurants could be company-owned, franchised or both. If there is a conflict between you and us caused
by a Burger King®, Tim Hortons® or Firehouse Subs® restaurant or between a Popeyes® franchisee and
a Burger King®, Tim Hortons® or Firehouse Subs® franchisee, our management team will attempt to
resolve the conflict after taking into account the specific facts of each situation and what is in the best
interests of the affected system or systems. However, we are not responsible for resolving conflicts between
or among Popeyes® franchisees, or between or among a Popeyes® franchisee and a Burger King®, Tim
Hortons® or Firehouse Subs® franchisee.
Except as previously described in Item 1 and in this Item 12, neither we nor any of our affiliates
have established or presently intend to establish, other franchises or company-operated outlets selling or
leasing similar products or services under a different trade name or trademark; however, we retain the right
to do so in the future.
4871-7453-9410, v. 4
Item 13
03/2024