Item 12: Territory
Rights under Franchise Agreement
When you enter into a franchise agreement, you are granted the right to operate a single restaurant
at an authorized location that ADQ has consented to in writing. You are not granted any minimum
area or territory. If you must relocate because the franchised premises are condemned, exercise of
a relocation right by your landlord, or some other reason that ADQ approves, you may relocate on
the following conditions: (1) the new location must be acceptable to ADQ, reasonably suited for a
DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant, consistent with ADQ’s site selection guidelines, and within the
same building or venue as the authorized location if a Captive-venue location, or within a 500 meter
radius of the authorized location if a Street location; (2) the new site must not infringe on the rights
of any other DQ® franchisee; (3) the new restaurant must be under construction within 30 days if
a Captive-venue location or 180 days if a Street location; (4) after construction commences, the
new restaurant must be open and operating within 90 days if a Captive-venue location or 120 days
if a Street location; and (5) the new restaurant must be constructed and equipped in accordance
with ADQ’s then current standards and specifications.
ADQ has a relocation policy that permits qualifying franchisees with a Street location that sign a
new franchise agreement and the relocation addendum to relocate a restaurant within two miles of
the current restaurant location, provided the location is of the same type. For instance, a Street
location outside of a mall cannot relocate within a mall. The timeframes detailed in the paragraph
above apply to this relocation policy. Relocating franchisees do not need to pay an initial franchise
fee, although relocating franchisees must meet the then-current training requirements (including
payment of any fees and/or costs) and must purchase construction consultation services and
prototype building plans (if the location is freestanding). See Item 7 for more information on these
costs. Relocating franchisees may pay reduced continuing license fees and sales promotion
program fees, depending on the circumstances. See Item 6 for more information. The relocation
policy is subject to ADQ’s prior written consent and the other relocation standards contained in
the franchise agreement and any applicable lease (see Item 9). The relocation policy does not apply
to non-system food or Captive-venue locations.
You do not have any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.
ADQ does not grant exclusive territories to any franchisee under the terms of a franchise
agreement, or MultiTRA, although, as described further below, you will be granted trade areas if

G&C FDD – 3/24
you enter into a MultiTRA. In the past, ADQ did grant franchise agreements with protected
territories, including territory operator agreements, which allow territory operators to operate
restaurants and stores for their own account and to subfranchise third parties to operate restaurants
and stores within their territories. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that ADQ owns, or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands that ADQ controls. Consider carefully the implications of a site-
only franchise, and review closely the section below regarding ADQ’s and its affiliates’ rights.
Rights under MultiTRA
If you enter into a MultiTRA, you are granted the non-exclusive right, subject to the limitations
described in this Item, in a designated market area to develop for your own account a specific
number of DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants at authorized locations within your designated
geographic trade areas within a specified amount of time. You must obtain ADQ’s written consent
to each authorized location and you must sign the then-current form of franchise agreement for
each location, which will detail the rights and obligations specific to each restaurant.
Your right to develop additional restaurants within the trade areas is conditioned upon your
compliance with the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule attached as Appendix B
to your MultiTRA. If you fail to meet any of the Development and Opening Commitment Schedule
deadlines, ADQ may terminate your MultiTRA, unless you: (a) open the restaurant (the “Default
Restaurant”) within 30 days of receipt of notice of default; or (b) pay ADQ the remaining balance
of the initial franchise fee for the Default Restaurant, and the remaining balance of the initial
franchise fees for all restaurants still to be developed for that term year under the Development
and Opening Commitment Schedule, or if there are no restaurants remaining to be developed in
that term year, then you pay the remaining balance of the initial franchise fee for the next restaurant
to be developed, and ADQ will extend the opening date for the Default Restaurant by up to 6
months. The cure listed in (b) is available only once during the term of the MultiTRA.
ADQ’s and its Affiliates’ Rights
Subject to any rights granted to any multiple unit franchisees and any other franchisees with
franchise development rights, ADQ and its affiliates have the right to operate and grant others the
right to operate competing business under the Trademarks, any affiliate’s trademarks, or any other
trademarks at any location but your store’s authorized location. These locations may include
freestanding buildings and facilities, strip centers, shopping malls, and other similar locations.
These locations also may include transportation terminals, sports facilities, recreation areas, hotels,
hospitals, campus facilities, and other non-traditional locations. You do not have any right to
exclude, control or impose conditions on the location or development of future restaurants or stores
franchised by others or owned and operated by ADQ or its affiliates.
ADQ and its affiliates also have the right to sell or distribute, themselves or through designees,
products and services through any distribution channels or methods, including the internet (or any
other existing or future form of electronic commerce such as social media, mobile applications,
third party platforms and the metaverse), catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing and
pre-packaged retail sales using the Trademarks, or any other trademarks, service marks, trade
names and commercial symbols, without any compensation to franchisees.

G&C FDD – 3/24
ADQ has the right during the term of a MultiTRA to establish, or license third parties to establish,
within your trade areas, Dairy Queen® soft-serve, DQ® Treat, or other DQ® or Orange Julius®
treat-oriented stores in: (1) shopping centers (open air or enclosed) of at least 500,000 square feet of
gross leasable area; (2) transportation terminals; (3) food service centers, residence halls, or student
unions on college/university campuses; (4) sports stadiums or adventure or theme parks; or (5) retail
or commercial buildings and facilities of at least 150,000 square feet; or any other DQ® units
authorized under pre-existing agreements or commitments with other franchisees or territory
operators. Also, during the term of a MultiTRA, ADQ has the right to issue DQ® restaurant or
store franchises under any trademark or operate DQ® restaurants or stores under any trademark at
any location, as determined by ADQ, outside your development area or trade areas, including those
near your authorized locations.
Both during and after the term of a MultiTRA, ADQ and its affiliates have the right to issue
franchises or operate competing company-owned businesses under any new or different
trademarks, service marks, trade names and commercial symbols (including Orange Julius®) other
than the DQ Grill & Chill®, Dairy Queen®, DQ®, or any other trademarks for or at any locations,
both within and outside of your trade areas, including those near your authorized locations. Upon
termination or expiration of the MultiTRA, ADQ may issue Dairy Queen®, DQ®, and DQ Grill
& Chill® restaurant or store franchises or operate company-owned restaurants or businesses at any
location, as determined by ADQ, within and outside your former trade areas, including those near
your authorized locations.
There are no territorial or customer restrictions on your sales from your store, and you are not
required to compensate other franchisees, nor are you entitled to receive compensation from other
franchisees or ADQ based on sales from a restaurant or store. You are not, however, granted any
right under any franchise agreement, or MultiTRA to sell products and menu items identified by
the Trademarks, or any of ADQ’s affiliates’ trademarks, or any other trademarks: (1) at any
location other than your store; or (2) through resale or any other channels or methods of
distribution, including the internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce
such as social media, mobile applications, third party platforms and the metaverse), catalog sales,
telemarketing or other direct marketing and pre-packaged retail sales, except as ADQ may
authorize or require in writing for all or part of the franchise system.
As described in Item 1, ADQ and its affiliates offer franchises under different trademarks that sell
some, but not all, products similar to those you will offer in your DQ Grill & Chill® restaurant.

• Texas DQ® Restaurant. ADQ offers single and multiple unit DQ® restaurant franchises
in Texas under the DQ® trademark, which sell substantially the same soft-serve and treat
products, but with a different food menu.

• DQ® Treat. ADQ offers single unit DQ® Treat franchises under the DQ®/Dairy Queen®
and DQ®/Orange Julius® trademarks, which sell substantially the same soft-serve and
treat products, with a limited number of substantially similar food items, and certain
additional treat and snack products.

Neither ADQ nor its affiliates own or operate any DQ® Treat stores, Texas DQ® restaurants, or
Orange Julius® stores. ADQ’s affiliate, DQTR, owns and operates DQ Grill & Chill® restaurants,

G&C FDD – 3/24
as described in Item 1. The DQ Grill & Chill®, DQ® Treat, Texas DQ® restaurant, and Orange
Julius® franchises are all site-only franchises with no territory rights granted to franchisees
(although certain multiple unit DQ Grill & Chill®, DQ® Treat or Texas DQ® restaurant
franchisees may have a development or trade area under a MultiTRA or other multiple unit
agreement). However, there are no territorial or customer restrictions on these franchisees’ sales
from their stores or restaurants. The principal business address for ADQ is 8000 Tower, Suite 700,
8331 Norman Center Drive, Bloomington, MN 55437, and the companies have their combined
training facilities and offices at that address.

ADQ occasionally is called upon to decide whether to grant a license for a new restaurant or store
(whether under the DQ Grill & Chill® trademark or a different ADQ or affiliate trademark, as
described above) in proximity to an existing restaurant. ADQ makes no commitment that ADQ
will not establish new restaurants or stores in proximity to existing restaurants. Nevertheless, there
may be circumstances under which ADQ, acting within its exclusive and absolute right, may
choose not to establish a new restaurant or store in proximity to an existing restaurant, as a means
to resolve conflicts between franchisor and franchisee and the franchisees of each system and
within each system.
As mentioned above, territory operators have the right to operate restaurants and stores for their
own account and to subfranchise third parties to operate restaurants and stores within their
territories. Territory operators may or may not have their own development and site clearance
programs. Further, it is important to note that territory operators are not obligated to follow ADQ
factors or guidelines when granting a license to operate a restaurant or store in close proximity to
existing DQ® restaurants or stores.