Item 12). We consider traffic patterns, demographic characteristics of the
area, site attributes, and other factors when deciding whether to approve a proposed location for a
Restaurant; however, application of criteria that may have been effective with respect to other sites and
premises may not be predictive of potential for all sites. We generally approve or disapprove a proposed
location within 30 business days after receipt of the required materials from you. If no mutual agreement
can be reached on a site for the Restaurant within 60 days, we have the right to terminate the Franchise
Agreement. If you request and we agree to extend the 60-day period, we may require you to sign a
release and/or comply with other conditions.
You are responsible for construction of the Restaurant, including the performance of all
architects, engineers, contractors, and subcontractors you hire and for ensuring that sufficient insurance
coverage is in place during the construction process. You are responsible for obtaining all zoning
classifications and clearances that may be required by state or local laws, ordinances or regulations. You
are also responsible for compliance with any restrictive covenants relating to the location of the
Restaurant. You must obtain all permits, licenses, and certifications required for the lawful construction,
occupancy, and operation of the Restaurant. In most cases, you will need an architect to draw and stamp
a permit-ready set of plans for approval by the local municipality. You are also responsible for compliance
with the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”) and other applicable federal, state and local accessibility
laws.
Time to Opening
We estimate the typical length of time between signing the Franchise Agreement and opening the
Restaurant to be 60 to 270 days. Factors which may affect this time period include lease obligations,
construction of the shopping center or building in which your Restaurant will operate, construction of the
Restaurant’s leasehold improvements and installation of required equipment, a need for various
governmental licenses and permits, and your financing process. Under the Franchise Agreement, you
must begin construction within six months after you sign the Franchise Agreement and open the
Restaurant to the public no later than 9 months from the date you sign the Franchise Agreement. If the
Approved Location has not been determined when you sign the Franchise Agreement, these time periods
run from our approval of the Approved Location. If you miss either deadline, we will have the right to
terminate the Franchise Agreement.
Training Programs
Before opening the Restaurant, you (or, if the franchisee is a corporation, limited liability company
or other entity, an owner acceptable to us) must attend our training program. As of the date of this
disclosure document, we require, at minimum, one person from each Restaurant to attend, and that
person must be you or an owner acceptable to us, but we also have the right to require your employees
(for example, your manager) to attend. The chart below summarizes our current training program.

Before starting the training program, franchisees who are new to the Little Caesars brand must
complete pre-training steps, consisting of: (1) a Discovery Day and interview with our Franchise
Development personnel (6 hours); (2) real estate/architectural/equipment training (12 hours); and (3) On
Site Evaluation with a zone manager in one of our Restaurants (minimum 8 hours but up to two days).
You must complete these prerequisites to our satisfaction before we will allow you to attend the training
program. We schedule pre-training once every other month or as needed.


2024 LCE FDD
TRAINING PROGRAM

SUBJECT
Hours of
Classroom
Training
Hours of
"On the
Job"
Training
Location
IN-STORE TRAINING (50 hrs per week X 5
WEEKS)

Currently offered in Detroit Metro, LA
Metro and surrounding areas including
San Diego & San Jose, Phoenix &
Tucson depending on availability.
Below are the hands-on tasks completed
within those weekly hours:



Workbook & ORG Assignments



Booster Shot



Productivity Standards



Inkling Station Training Certification



Simulated Management Shifts



Solo Management Shifts



Franchise Services - Zone Manager Visits







BUSINESS TRAINING WEEK


Conducted in Detroit at our Global
Resource Center. Attendance in person
by at least one owner is required.
Orientation & HR


Finance Department


Legal, IT, CV Tech, BL Food, BL Equipment


Marketing, Pepsico & Printworks


Franchise Services & National Training


Additional Departmental Support (Recorded
videos)
1.5






FRANCHISE DEVELOPMENT
WORKSHOPS


Virtually via Microsoft Teams
Weekly Virtual Check-In, Virtually Via Teams



Week 1 LEADERSHIP:  DiSC Workplace
Workshop


Week 2 DIGITAL: Reserve N Ready Strategy
& Incredible Customer Experience


Week 3 FOOD MANAGEMENT: Inventory &
Ordering



2024 LCE FDD
SUBJECT
Hours of
Classroom
Training
Hours of
"On the
Job"
Training
Location
Week 4 TEAM MANAGEMENT: Staffing,
Scheduling & Productivity


ServSafe Certification

Self-Paced Online Course & Exam
CV & Altametrics Workshop

Virtual
*Required
for
New
Store
Operators
Training Videos
8.5

Online *Supporting weekly curriculum




TOTAL TRAINING HOURS



All trainees must complete the training program to our satisfaction. We do not require completion
within a specific time after signing the Franchise Agreement or within a specific time before opening. We
schedule New Franchise Training sessions approximately every 2 months. The length and timing of the
program may be changed at any time. As part of the initial training, we provide food safety certification;
currently, we offer the National Restaurant Association ServSafe program, for which you must pay a fee
of approximately $125.

Training is supervised by our National Director of Training and Development. All training program
instructors have at least 3 years of experience with us or in the restaurant industry and have worked in
either our corporate offices or our company-owned or franchised Restaurants as Restaurant managers,
training managers, recruiter/trainers, area supervisors or franchise managers.
Except for the food safety certification fee, we provide the instructors, training manuals, and other
materials for the training program without charge. Instructional materials may include videos, workbooks,
various manuals such as the ORG, on-the-job training guides, and job aids. If you have to travel to the
training location, you will be responsible for the costs of transportation, lodging, meals, and any wages for
your trainees. If, at any time during the term of the Franchise Agreement, you choose to send additional
employees to the training program (with our prior consent), you must pay us a fee we determine, not to
exceed $500 for each attendee.

We have the right to terminate the Franchise Agreement if, at any time during the initial training
program, we conclude (in our sole judgment) that you do not appear to possess the skills necessary to
properly fulfill and discharge the demands and responsibilities required by the System or the Franchise
Agreement.


You and any employees we designate must complete additional training programs as we may
reasonably require from time to time. We do not charge any fees for required additional training, but we
may charge a fee for optional training programs. You will know the amount of the fee before you decide to
participate. You must pay us an annual fee of $260 for access to digital training materials. In addition, you
must pay us to replace your copy of the ORG manual if it is lost, destroyed or superseded by an updated
version during or after training (see Item 6). You will be responsible for any and all other expenses
incurred in connection with additional training programs, including the cost of any travel, lodging, meals,
and wages. (Franchise Agreement, § 5.8.)

We have the right to require that each of your training attendees sign a training participant
agreement (“Training Participant Agreement”) before attending any training programs. Our current form
of Training Participant Agreement is in Exhibit L. The Training Participant Agreement imposes a number

2024 LCE FDD
of obligations on your training attendees, including those relating to confidentiality, non-competition,
waiver and release, and indemnification. For further information, see Items 9 and 17.


There is no formal training program for Renewing Franchisees.
Throughout the term of your franchise agreement, you (or an owner or individual you designate
and we approve), at your expense, must attend all meetings, seminars and conferences we specify as
mandatory, including all regional and national meetings, all meetings related to new products or product
preparation procedures, new System programs, new operations procedures or programs, training,
restaurant management, financial management, sales or sales promotion, or similar topics and annual
conferences. If you or the designated owner or individual is not able to attend a mandatory meeting, you
must notify us before the meeting and cause a substitute person from your operations to attend and
represent you at the meeting. We have the right to charge you a missed meeting fee if you fail to attend a
required meeting, seminar or conference, based on our reasonable estimate of the cost we incurred in
expectation of your attendance.
Advertising and Promotion

You must spend on advertising an amount we specify for a time period we specify. Unless agreed
to by your advertising Cooperative (defined below), your required advertising expenditures will not exceed
7% of your Restaurant’s Gross Sales for the applicable time period. The time period specified may be
weekly, every 4 weeks, monthly, quarterly, annually, or such other time period as we may specify. We will
allocate the specified amount among: (a) contributions to a fund administered by Caesar Fund, Inc., a
Michigan corporation, or to a successor advertising fund (collectively, “Caesar Fund”) that administers a
nationwide advertising program and/or provide collection, administrative and other services for the
advertising program, as described below in this Item; (b) contributions to an advertising cooperative
(“Cooperative,” described in more detail below); and (c) expenditures on local advertising. We can
modify both the allocation and amount of your expenditures among Caesar Fund, any Cooperative to
which you belong, and local advertising. We will contribute to Caesar Fund on behalf of company-owned
Restaurants, but we may exclude certain Non-Traditional Restaurants that we operate.

The “Marketing Committee” is a 12-member committee that advises us and Caesar Fund on
advertising campaigns and marketing promotions. Little Caesar selects franchisees to participate on the
committee for lengths of time determined by Little Caesar. To be eligible, a franchisee must have been a
franchisee in good standing throughout the six-month period before being selected by Little Caesar. “In
good standing” means: (a) current on all obligations to us and our affiliates; (b) operating in accordance
with all requirements of the Franchise Agreement or the System, including those relating to quality,
cleanliness and service; (c) on good terms with Little Caesar, including but not limited to having a good
working relationship for day-to-day operations; and (d) not in litigation or other adversarial legal
proceedings with Little Caesar. Little Caesar reserves the right to remove a franchisee from any
committee at any time. While serving on a committee, you must abide by any rules established by Little
Caesar or the committee.

The Franchise Agreement appoints Little Caesar to make advertising decisions with respect to
monies allocated to CAESAR FUND, including the power to negotiate arrangements with advertising
agencies and to authorize the expenditure of funds held by CAESAR FUND to pay for third party
advertising services and marketing campaigns. The contributions to CAESAR FUND are made for
advertising services and marketing campaigns that benefit you, our Restaurants and the System
generally; CAESAR FUND holds the funds received from you and other franchisees and serves as a
conduit to pay Little Caesar and other third parties who will provide the actual services.

All Caesar Fund contributions not retained by Little Caesar for its services, and any earnings on
the contributions, will be used exclusively to meet costs of maintaining, administering, directing,
conducting, and developing advertising, marketing, public relations, and/or promotional programs and
materials that promote the Little Caesars brand, and any other activities which we believe will benefit the
System, including (among other things) the costs of: preparing and executing advertising campaigns in

2024 LCE FDD
various media; buying media time; utilizing social media, mobile applications, and other emerging media
and promotional channels; distribution of marketing materials; preparation of direct mail advertising;
consumer, product and market research; employing advertising, sales promotion, and/or public relations
agencies; hiring consultants or experts; hiring counsel (law firm or in-house) to review advertising and
related materials; purchasing promotional items; executing and administering in-restaurant promotions;
providing promotional materials, signs, and other marketing materials and services to our franchisees;
and offering performance incentives to franchisees in connection with marketing programs. We direct all
advertising and promotional programs, with the right to control the creative concepts, materials, and
media used in such programs, and the placement and allocation of them. We will consult with the
Marketing Committee, which acts in an advisory capacity only.

We are not obligated to spend any amount (whether Caesar Fund monies or our own money) on
advertising in your area or territory, or to make expenditures for franchisees which are equivalent or
proportionate to the franchisee’s contribution, or to ensure that any particular franchisee benefits directly
or pro rata from the advertising or promotion conducted by Caesar Fund.

You must make Caesar Fund payments by EFT, pre-authorized auto-draft arrangement, or such
other methods as we may periodically specify. We maintain Caesar Fund contributions in an account
separate from our monies and will not use them to defray our expenses, except for such reasonable costs
and overhead as we may incur in activities reasonably related to the administration of Caesar Fund and
direction of advertising programs, including costs of personnel (in-house or third parties) for creating
and/or implementing advertising, promotional, and marketing programs, and as described in this
disclosure document. Any monies collected by Caesar Fund, and any earnings on them, will not
otherwise inure to our benefit. We anticipate spending all Caesar Fund contributions during the year
within which the contributions are made. If, however, excess amounts remain at the end of the year, we
anticipate that all expenditures in the following year will be made first out of accumulated earnings from
the previous year, next out of earnings in the current year, and, finally, from current contributions. If there
is a deficit at the end of the year, we will apply receipts in the following year to the deficit until it has been
eliminated.

We prepare an annual financial statement of Caesar Fund using generally accepted accounting
principles and will make it available to you. Caesar Fund’s books and records are audited annually and
we will also make the audit report available to you. You may review a copy of the financial statement
and/or the audit report at our office by making a written request to us at least one week in advance.

We do not use Caesar Fund monies for activities that are primarily intended to solicit new
franchisees. However, franchisees have the option to select ads that contain such solicitations, and we
may use Caesar Fund monies to support our website and other activities that include information about
our franchise opportunity.

We have the right to coordinate activities and/or allocate expenses between Caesar Fund and
(i) any advertising cooperative established under authority of the Franchise Agreement; or (ii) any other
advertising fund (e.g., regional, national, or international) that may be established with respect to Little
Caesars® restaurants or any other Little Caesars® restaurant concept. Any such coordination and
allocation will be performed in a fair and equitable manner. We also have the right, but not the obligation,
to simultaneously perform Caesar Fund responsibilities on behalf of other Little Caesars® restaurant
concepts and international franchisees, including the co-mingling of contributions and disbursements.

We retain the right to terminate Caesar Fund and/or replace it with another advertising fund at
any time.
In 2023, Caesar Fund’s expenses were as follows: 79.2% for media costs, 18.1% for production
costs, 0.2% for administrative costs, 0.3% for loyalty program, 1.8% for research, 0.3% for professional
fees, and less than 0.1% for supplies and miscellaneous expenses. Some of the disbursements were
paid to us or our affiliates.

2024 LCE FDD

Cooperatives. We have the right, but not the obligation, to designate any geographical area or set
of common characteristics for purposes of establishing Cooperatives and to determine whether a
Cooperative is applicable to your Restaurant. Each Cooperative will be organized for the exclusive
purpose of administering advertising programs and developing promotional materials for use by the
members of the Cooperative. For Cooperatives organized on a geographic basis, it is our intention to
define the Cooperative area in terms of a Designated Market Area or “DMA,” but we reserve the right to
define it in a different manner. A Designated Market Area is a group of counties that form a geographic
area, as defined by Nielsen Media Research based upon television station viewing dominance. You must
become a member of, and contribute to, any Cooperative that we determine is applicable to your
Restaurant. If the Cooperative is applicable to one or more Restaurants that we or an affiliate operates
(other than a Non-Traditional Restaurant), we will also be a member of the Cooperative and will
contribute to it on the same basis as franchisee members. If we sell you an existing company-owned
Restaurant that belongs to a Cooperative, we may condition the sale on you signing an irrevocable proxy
that permits us to retain the voting rights for that Restaurant in the Cooperative.


Each Cooperative will adopt a cooperative agreement or other governing documents to establish
the organization and operation of the Cooperative. We have the right to approve or to prescribe the form
of the Cooperative agreement or governing documents, subject to review by a local attorney and
accountant for conformance with applicable law and accounting standards in the Cooperative area. Any
suggested changes are still subject to our review and approval. No changes in the by-laws or other
governing documents of a Cooperative may be made without our prior written consent. We reserve the
right to change the form of organization, governing documents, and manner of operation of any
Cooperative, and you and the other members agree to implement any such change immediately upon
notice from us. We can change, merge or dissolve Cooperatives.


The members of the Cooperative will manage the Cooperative’s activities. Cooperatives must
prepare periodic financial statements and make those statements available for review by members. The
Cooperative’s governing documents will specify whether, and if so what, other reports are prepared and
how they are circulated among the Cooperative’s members.


Local advertising. We have the right to determine which types of expenditures count toward the
amount that you must spend for local advertising. For example, “shakerboarding” costs do not count
toward your minimum advertising dollar requirement. You must show proof of local advertising
expenditures in the manner and at the time we specify.

Promotional Activities. You must participate in and comply with the terms of any promotional
activities that we prescribe for Little Caesars Restaurants generally or in specific geographic areas. You
must display promotional signs and materials and otherwise participate in the manner we request. These
activities may include special offers, limited time offers, coupons, free giveaways, store incentives, and
other pricing promotions, and the featured price(s) may be less than your cost for the promoted item(s).

Gift cards and loyalty cards. You must participate in any gift card, digital coupon, or electronic gift
or money card (E-card) programs, loyalty programs, frequency card programs, or other programs we
specify, and must honor the terms of all such programs. We may use Caesar Fund monies to pay for gift
card promotions. Subject to applicable state laws, our policy is to distribute any so-called “breakage” (i.e.,
unredeemed value) on gift cards and loyalty cards to Caesar Fund.

Customer experience program. You must participate in any program we establish to research or
measure customer experience. Participation includes bearing any expense of your participation that is not
funded by Caesar Fund or a Cooperative. For example, you may be required to offer incentives for
customers to provide feedback by completing a survey or by other means.

Exemptions. We can grant any Little Caesars Restaurant an exemption for any length of time
(which may be in the form of a reduction, deferral or waiver) from advertising requirements, including
contributions to Caesar Fund, contributions to a Cooperative, or required local advertising expenditures.

2024 LCE FDD

Non-Traditional Restaurants. In some cases, Non-Traditional Restaurants do not make
contributions to Caesar Fund or other national advertising funds or to a Cooperative and have no
obligation to do any local advertising.

Grand opening advertising. If the franchise is for a new Restaurant, at our option, you will either
pay us a fee of $15,000, which we will use to carry out a grand opening advertising and promotion
program on your behalf, or we will have you conduct the program yourself, in which case you must spend
a minimum of $15,000 for grand opening advertising and promotion. This amount is in addition to your
other financial obligations for advertising. The grand opening advertising and promotion program will take
place within close proximity to the Restaurant opening, on a schedule we determine. If we elect to carry
out the program on your behalf, we will have complete discretion on how and when to make expenditures.
Components of the program may include direct mail advertising, newspaper advertising, digital and social
media advertising, radio advertising, promotional events, promotions, public relations events, use of
discount coupons, or any other activities we determine will contribute to generating business at the
Restaurant. If we decide that you will carry out the program, you must submit your proposed grand
opening advertising and promotion program to us for approval at least 4 weeks before the scheduled
opening. Within 7 days after the opening, you must provide evidence to verify your expenditures
according to the approved plan.

Approval of advertising and promotions. Neither you nor any Cooperative can use (or furnish to
members) advertising or promotional programs or materials without our prior written approval. To obtain
approval, you must submit samples of the proposed advertising and promotional plans and materials to
us, unless the plans and materials were prepared by us or have been approved by us within the previous
6 months. We will attempt to provide notice of our approval or rejection of advertising materials within 30
days of receipt of the materials, although in some cases it may take longer. To ensure graphics are
standard, we may require you to use an approved printing vendor for materials and an approved digital
menu board vendor (which may be Blue Line) for electronic displays. We also have the right at any time
to prohibit further use of materials we previously approved, effective upon receipt of written notice from us
to you or the Cooperative.

We may provide guidance on the pricing of products and services sold by the Restaurant. To the
extent permitted by applicable law where your Restaurant is located, we have the right to establish
maximum and/or minimum prices that you must follow for products and services sold in the Restaurant.
We may also provide suggested prices that you are not required to follow. In the case of suggested
prices, you must bear any additional costs incurred to produce marketing and promotional materials for
you that contain prices deviating from our suggested prices. We may require you to sign the Pricing
Acknowledgment in Exhibit Q to this disclosure document to confirm your understanding of our rights and
policies as to pricing.

You must obtain our prior written approval to use, register, maintain, or sponsor any social media
channel, blog, messaging system, email account, user name, text address, mobile application, or other
electronic, mobile or Internet presence that uses or displays any of the Proprietary Marks (or any
derivative thereof) or that promotes any products or services of the Restaurant. The use of any electronic
medium constitutes advertising and promotion subject to our approval under the Franchise
Agreement. You cannot transmit advertisements or solicitations by telephone, e-mail, text message,
instant message, social media, VoIP, streaming media, or other electronic media without first obtaining
Little Caesar’s written consent as to: (a) the content of the advertisement or solicitation; and (b) the type
of media intended to be used. All telephone answering messages, email auto-signatures, and other
identifiers of the Restaurant must be in the form that we prescribe. We have the right to change our
policies and to prohibit using channels that we previously approved.

If we approve the use of an electronic medium, our approval will be conditioned on your
compliance with any standards and procedures that we issue with respect to that type of electronic
medium. We prohibit making or posting any information relating to Little Caesar, the System, the
Proprietary Marks, or the Restaurant without our prior written approval. In addition, you must include any
disclaimers, warnings, and other statements that we may prescribe, including a clear statement that the

2024 LCE FDD
use of the electronic medium is for a local Restaurant that you operate and that is not operated,
sponsored or endorsed by Little Caesar. We may require that you include hyperlinks to Little Caesar’s
website(s) or other websites. We prohibit any posting or other contribution that (a) is derogatory,
disparaging, or critical of Little Caesar, (b) is offensive, inflammatory, or indecent, or (c) harms the
goodwill and public image of the System and/or the Proprietary Marks.

With respect to websites, our current policy is that you may not establish an independent website
for your Restaurant without our prior written consent. We intend to maintain a website for our franchise
system, and we may allow you to maintain a separate portion of that site for your Restaurant under
available on Little Caesar’s website(s). If we approve a separate website for you in the future, our
approval will be conditioned on your compliance with the requirements for electronic media described in
the previous paragraph. We will require you to submit a sample of the proposed website domain name,
format, visible content (including screen shots), and non-visible content (including meta-tags).


We own the copyright to all advertising and promotional materials that contain any of the
Proprietary Marks or that otherwise relate to your Restaurant, regardless of who created the materials.
Proprietary Marks. You must (and must cause your employees and agents to) sign all documents we
require to confirm this ownership.

You must display and maintain franchisee recruiting materials in the manner we specify.  We will
be responsible for providing those materials at our cost.
Technology Requirements

We have the right to specify or require that you use certain vendors, brands, types, makes, and/or
models of commercial grade communications equipment, routers, computer systems, Internet-connected
devices, and other hardware, including: (a) back office and point of sale (POS) systems; (b) audio/visual
equipment (including digital or other menu boards); (c) electronic payment devices, printers and other
peripheral hardware; (d) food preparation and holding equipment; (e) mobile devices; (f) archival back-up
systems; (g) network connectivity devices; (h) back-up Wi-Fi devices; (i) a firewall (required for connecting
your system to our system); and (j) other physical and electronic security systems (collectively, the
“Required Technology”). We also have the right, but no obligation, to develop or have developed, or to
designate: (a) software applications that you must use in connection with the Required Technology
(“Required Software”); (b) updates, supplements, modifications, or enhancements to the Required
Software; (c) the tangible and digital media upon which you record data; and (d) the database file
structures to be used. You must subscribe to or install the Required Software at your own expense, within
the time we require, and (if applicable) under the terms we have arranged with providers of the Required
Software. You must sign any standard license agreement or user agreement that may be required to use
a system that we specify. We have the right to establish new and revised standards and specifications for
the Required Technology and Required Software, and you must comply with any changes when we
announce them. These changes may require you to “sunset” a piece of equipment and upgrade to other
equipment.
You must comply with our requirements to connect to our franchisee-only private network (the
“FPN”) and use the FPN as we direct in connection with the operation of the Restaurant, including for
reporting Gross Sales, reviewing policies, announcements and updates, ordering products and
equipment, completing training modules, and accessing other applications that we specify or make
available. We may discontinue the FPN at any time, change its technology platform, change the content
and functionality, and/or establish and change standard user terms in our discretion.


As noted in Items 6 and 8, we own and continue to develop an integrated point-of-sale, kitchen
dashboard, digital menu board, mobile and web system, currently known as the Caesar Vision system. All
franchised Restaurants must install the Caesar Vision system. The Caesar Vision system collects
information about customer transactions and communicates with other areas of the Restaurant to

2024 LCE FDD
streamline business operations. We have instituted a required migration to a cloud-based version of the
Caesar Vision system. Franchisees must pay $500 to a third-party vendor to install the Cloud version.
As noted in Item 8, the Caesar Vision system is available only through Blue Line, though we work
with multiple third-party vendors to assemble the hardware and software components and install the
system. The cost of the system ranges from $30,000 to $60,000 per Restaurant, depending on the
configuration and number of terminals for the Restaurant. To install the Caesar Vision system, you must
accept the Caesar Vision User Terms for Franchisees, the current version of which is in Exhibit M to this
disclosure document. You must also accept user terms from third-party vendors whose technology is
used in the Caesar Vision system.
We post the user requirements for the Caesar Vision system at the Gateway, a website interface
that we have established for system users. Basic user requirements include a high-speed internet or
satellite connection and a firewall that we designate. We will notify users via the website interface of any
updates to the user requirements; you are responsible for checking periodically for any updates.
You will pay Blue Line an annual support fee for the Caesar Vision system. As of the date of this
disclosure document, the annual support fee is $2,990 per Restaurant, paid in installments of $230 in
each of our 13 accounting periods. We typically adjust the support fee every year. If you request onsite
support to train your staff or troubleshoot problems with the Caesar Vision system, you must pay a fee
(currently $1,500 per day for each technician we send), plus travel expenses.


You must keep the Required Technology in good maintenance and repair, purchase a support
contract, and install or subscribe to any additions, changes, modifications, substitutions, and/or
replacements to the Required Technology or Required Software as we may specify. There is no
contractual limitation on the frequency and cost of these obligations.


We have the right to specify the information that you must collect and maintain by means of the
Required Technology. We also have the right at any time to independently retrieve and/or remove and
use data from the Required Technology and Required Software. There are no contractual limitations on
our right to access the information and data.

As between you and Little Caesar, we own exclusively all right, title and interest in all data
provided by you, uploaded to our system from your system, and/or downloaded from your system to our
system, and we will have the right to use the data in any manner that we deem appropriate without
compensating you. In addition, all other data that you create or collect in connection with the System, or
in connection with operation of the Restaurant (including consumer and transaction data), is and will be
owned exclusively by Little Caesar during the term of, and following termination or expiration of, the
Franchise Agreement. You must provide copies and/or originals of such data to us upon request. We
may license use of such data back to you solely for the term of the Franchise Agreement and solely for
your use in connection with the establishment and operation of the Restaurant. You are responsible for
safeguarding any and all data licensed back to you. If your Restaurant leaves the franchise system, you
must certify to us that all Caesar Vision code and customer data has been removed from your
computer system and devices.

You must abide by all privacy and data protection laws pertaining to the collection, use,
processing, integrity, security, transfer of, consumer access to, correction of, and deletion of personally
identifiable information. You must ensure that any personally identifiable information is collected only with
express or implied consent of the data subject and that all data to be shared with or transferred to Little
Caesar has been collected in compliance with a privacy policy that allows such sharing or transfer. If we
provide you with any personal information or data of consumers, you must abide by the restrictions and
obligations with respect to such personal information to which we contractually bind you, including as set
forth in the Franchise Agreement.

You must maintain industry-standard security measures and devices to protect data from
unauthorized access or disclosure, whether you store the data at the Restaurant or off-site. We have the

2024 LCE FDD
right to audit your processes, devices and facilities to verify that you have taken appropriate measures to
secure data. If we determine that the data you hold is not secure, we can shut off the connectivity of the
Caesar Vision system until your processes and facilities are compliant with data security requirements. If
you know of or suspect a security breach, you must notify us within 48 hours and comply with applicable
laws and any instructions from us regarding investigation of and response to the breach. You must
indemnify us for any losses or expenses we incur as a result of your security breach.

We specifically require that you implement the most recent security requirements that the PCI
Security Standards Council, LLC (www.pcisecuritystandards.org) or its successor requires of a merchant
that accepts payment by credit and/or debit cards or other mobile payment methods (the Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standards or “PCI-DSS”), The PCI-DSS may require you to purchase a firewall or
other new hardware and to have an independent third party conduct a PCI-DSS audit as and when
required by the standards. You must use our approved vendors for PCI-DSS audits.
The PCI Security Standards Council, LLC or its successor may revise the PCI-DSS standards at
any time; we do not have control over the timing or substance of any changes. Compliance with PCI-DSS
is a minimum requirement of your franchise and does not guarantee that no security breach will occur.

As noted in Item 8, we may choose to offer, and if offered you must purchase from us, an affiliate,
or a designated vendor, a package of services for internet access, data security and PCI-DSS
compliance.

Manuals

Exhibit E to this disclosure document is the table of contents of the Operational Resource Guide.
The total number of pages in the ORG is 382.

ITEM 12
TERRITORY


The Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate the Restaurant only at the Approved
Location. If, at the time of the signing the Agreement, we have not approved a location for the Restaurant,
you must lease or otherwise acquire a location subject to our approval (please see Item 11). The address
of the location that we approve is the Approved Location.
You may not relocate from the Approved Location without our prior written approval. In order to
be considered for relocation, the new location must be within a one-mile radius of the original location and
must meet any refurbishing requirements that you would have had to meet at the original location. We
may require, prior to the relocation, that you complete any refurbishing requirements at the original
location that would be movable to the new location. The Restaurant must re-open at the new location
within six (6) months after closing at the original location. We have no obligation to approve your
relocation request. Our approval will be based upon a variety of factors, including the viability of the then-
current location, demographics relating to the proposed new location, the proximity of other Restaurants
to the proposed new location, and compliance with other obligations under the Franchise Agreement. You
must pay us a relocation fee of $2,500 at the time you submit your relocation request package. This
relocation fee is refundable only if we do not approve your relocation request.

The Franchise Agreement typically defines a territory within which we will not establish or
operate, or franchise any entity to establish or operate, a business using the Proprietary Marks and
System (the “Protected Territory”). We usually define the Protected Territory as the territory within a
one-mile radius of your Approved Location. Under certain circumstances, however (e.g., if your
Restaurant will be located in a highly populated urban area), we may reduce the radius of the Protected
Territory to a distance of ½ mile or less, or not grant you a Protected Territory at all. If the Approved

2024 LCE FDD
Location is within any of the five boroughs of the City of New York, New York, we will not provide a
Protected Territory.
If your Protected Territory will differ from the usual one-mile radius, you must sign an addendum
to the Franchise Agreement to document the change (unless the Approved Location is in the City of New
York, in which case an addendum is not necessary because the exception is included in the Franchise
Agreement itself). Exhibit A to this disclosure document includes copies of our current Franchise
Agreement Addenda for: (a) a reduced Protected Territory radius; and (b) no Protected Territory. The
protected territories of other Little Caesars® franchisees may overlap with your Protected Territory, as
long as their Restaurants are physically located outside of your Protected Territory.

Your Protected Territory is not exclusive, because we retain rights to Non-Traditional Restaurants
as described below. Because your Protected Territory is not exclusive, we are required to include the
following statement: “You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.”
We and our affiliates (e.g., other companies controlling, controlled by, or under common control
with us) retain the right to own, acquire, establish and/or operate, and franchise or otherwise license
others to establish and operate Non-Traditional Restaurants inside your Protected Territory. Please see
Item 1 for the definition of “Non-Traditional Restaurants.”

Your Protected Territory does not give you any exclusivity with respect to customers located in
the Protected Territory or elsewhere. Subject to the System standards we establish from time to time, all
Restaurants (regardless of ownership) may solicit and sell products to customers without regard to the
customers’ geographic location.  We have the right to prescribe all matters relating to delivery of products
to customers (“Delivery”), including the boundaries of your delivery area (which may or may not be the
same area as the Protected Territory), the parties permitted to deliver the products, and the manner and
form of distribution of any marketing, promotional or delivery materials. We can revoke your right to
provide Delivery at any time, including as a result of your inability to provide Delivery in accordance with
our then-current standards. Similarly, we can make adjustments to your provision of Delivery services
(including the size of your delivery area) for any reason, including changing market conditions, population
changes, and other relevant conditions.

You receive no right to use the Proprietary Marks or System in any other channels of distribution,
including the Internet, other electronic media, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing,
without our prior written consent.
We and our affiliates also retain the right, among others, on any terms and conditions we deem
advisable, and without granting you any rights or paying you any consideration:

to own, acquire, establish and/or operate, and franchise or otherwise license others to
establish and operate, businesses using the Proprietary Marks and System outside of
your Protected Territory;

to own, acquire, and/or operate, and franchise or otherwise license others to establish
and operate, other restaurant concepts, as well as businesses under proprietary marks
other than the Proprietary Marks, or systems other than the System, whether the
businesses are similar to or different from your Restaurant, at any location within or
outside the Protected Territory; and

to sell or distribute, at retail or wholesale, directly or indirectly, or license others to sell or
distribute, any products or services under the Proprietary Marks or any other marks, at or
from any location within the Protected Territory (except from a Little Caesars® restaurant)
or any location outside the Protected Territory. This may include activities inside the

2024 LCE FDD
Protected Territory using other channels of distribution, including the Internet, grocery
stores, other retail outlets, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing
methods.
Your rights within your Protected Territory are not contingent on achievement of certain sales
volume, market penetration or any other contingency. There are no circumstances under which we have
the right to unilaterally alter the Protected Territory before the expiration or termination of the Franchise
Agreement.
Territory Reservation Agreement
As described in Item 1, under the Territory Reservation Agreement, we hold open a territory (the
“Reserved Territory”) within which you will be eligible to develop Little Caesars® Restaurants. The
Reserved Territory will be outlined in a map attached to Exhibit A to the Territory Reservation Agreement,
and will typically be described by boundary streets or highways, city limit or county line or state
boundaries, by an area encompassed within a radius of a specific distance (or range of distances) or of a
distance sufficient to encompass a specified population (or range of populations), or by any other method
of delineation that we determine is appropriate under the circumstances. The Territory Reservation
Agreement will include deadlines by which you agree to open Restaurants in order to keep the Reserved
Territory (the “Development Schedule”). You are not required to develop any Restaurants or to do so
according to the Development Schedule, but if you miss a deadline in the Development Schedule, the
Territory Reservation Agreement will be subject to termination. We will communicate with you regarding
the Reserved Territory and the Development Schedule before you sign the Territory Reservation
Agreement.
You will be responsible for locating and securing a site for each Restaurant that you develop
under the Territory Reservation Agreement (see Item 11). We will provide our site selection guidelines
and such on-site evaluations as we deem advisable. We will evaluate the proposed site and the Protected
Territory for each new Restaurant using our then-current standards. Before we issue you a Franchise
Agreement for a Restaurant under the Territory Reservation Agreement, you must meet our then-current
financial and operational requirements. Our requirements as of the issuance date of this disclosure
document are listed in an exhibit to the Territory Reservation Agreement in Exhibit B.
For each proposed Restaurant, if we determine that you and your owners have met all of the pre-
conditions described above, we will issue our then-current form of Franchise Agreement and related
documents to you for the additional Restaurant.

As long as you satisfy the Development Schedule, we will not operate or grant a franchise to any
other person or entity to operate a Little Caesars® Restaurant within the Reserved Territory, subject to
the exceptions for Non-Traditional Restaurants and other specific circumstances described above in this
Item under “Franchise Agreement.” In addition, the protection under the Territory Reservation Agreement
does not apply to any Little Caesars® Restaurant concepts existing in the Reserved Territory at the time
you sign the Territory Reservation Agreement, or for which a Franchise Agreement or Territory
Reservation Agreement already has been signed, or as to which a company-owned or franchised
Restaurant is already in development (that is, construction has commenced). Because we retain rights to
Non-Traditional Restaurants, your Reserved Territory is not exclusive, and we are therefore required to
include the following statement: “You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
brands that we control.”
Your rights within the Reserved Territory are contingent on satisfying the Development Schedule.
If you miss a deadline in the Development Schedule or if you are in default under the Territory
Reservation Agreement, we will have the right to terminate the Territory Reservation Agreement or to
modify or reduce the Reserved Territory or add exceptions to the protection granted for the Reserved
Territory.

2024 LCE FDD
Food Trucks
If you have a franchise for a Food Truck, you may operate the Food Truck only within a
Designated Market Area or DMA that we specify (the “Area of Operation”). DMAs are defined by The
Nielsen Company, a data and market measurement firm. Even within the Area of Operation, you are
prohibited from operating the Food Truck within one mile of a LITTLE CAESARS® Restaurant. In
addition, we may prohibit operation of the Food Truck at any sporting event, fair, festival, concert, or other
event based on (a) the potential impact on LITTLE CAESARS® Restaurants in the area, or (b) our belief
that the venue or type of event is not consistent with our brand image. You will not receive an exclusive
territory for the Food Truck. The Area of Operation is not an exclusive or protected territory. You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control. However, if a third party requests the right to operate an additional
Food Truck in the Area of Operation, you will have a right of first refusal on operating the new Food
Truck.
Except as described in this disclosure document, we have not established, and, as of the
issuance date of this disclosure document, do not intend to establish, other franchised or company-owned
Restaurants that provide similar products or services under different proprietary marks, but we reserve
the right to do so in the future.
The Franchise Agreement does not provide you with any options, rights of first refusal, or similar
rights to acquire additional franchises. The Food Truck Addendum provides a right of first refusal as to
other Food Trucks, as noted above. The Territory Reservation Agreement does not provide you with any
options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional franchises outside of the Reserved
Territory.