ITEM 12:
TERRITORY
The Development Agreement grants you rights in the Development Area in which to establish a
certain number of Restaurants.  The Development Area consists of a designated geographic area in which
you will be permitted to develop a Restaurant pursuant to the terms of your Development Agreement,
which will be delineated by a mapped area appended to the Development Agreement.  If your
Development Agreement grants you the right to develop more than one Restaurant, we will grant you a
Development Area for each Restaurant to be developed under the Agreement (that is, if you can develop
multiple Restaurants, you will have a Development Area per Restaurant).  However, unless we agree
otherwise in a rider or an amendment to the Development Agreement, the Development Area excludes
sites suitable for Non-Traditional Restaurants, such as enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals or
schools), airports, parks (including theme parks), military installations and sports arenas and stadiums,
train stations, travel plazas and entertainment venues.  We have the right to approve or disapprove of the
sites proposed to be developed under the Development Agreement, using our then-current site approval
standards.

During the term of the Development Agreement, we will not locate or license another to locate a
standard Papa Johns Restaurant in the applicable Development Area until such time as the Restaurant
associated with the Development Area is open and operating.  However, as described below, we may
operate other businesses in the Development Area or sell products under the Marks in the Development
Area subject only to the limitations provided for in the Franchise Agreement and Development
Agreement, and we may operate, or license others to operate, one or more Non-Traditional Restaurants
at suitable venues within the Development Area unless your Development Area expressly includes such
venue(s).  We reserve the right to manufacture or sell directly or through third parties, or both, within the
Development Area, pizza and other products that are the same or similar to those sold in Papa Johns
Restaurants using brand names that are the same as or similar to the Marks, through any channel of
distribution (such as catalog sales within your Development Area or Territory, the Internet, telemarketing,
or other direct marketing) provided that such items are not sold through Restaurants or on a ready-to-eat

- 50 -
basis.    We will not pay you any compensation for our business activities inside or outside the Territory
or Development Area, including us soliciting or accepting business from inside the Territory or
Development Area.

You must operate your Restaurant at a specific location identified in the Franchise
Agreement.  You may not conduct business at any site other than the Restaurant.  You may not relocate
the Restaurant without our written consent, which we will not unreasonably withhold. We will not, during
the term of the Franchise Agreement, locate or license another to locate a standard Papa Johns Restaurant
within a specified radius of your Restaurant, generally 1.5 miles (the "Territory").  In densely populated
urban areas, such as the city of New York, the Territory may be reduced to a one-half mile radius, due to
the density of households and/or the feasibility, logistics or economy of delivery operations.  Before
signing the Development Agreement or requiring any fee payment from you, we will review with you the
radius that we intend to apply for your Restaurant(s) and the approximate customer base that is anticipated
to be included in the Territory for your Restaurant(s).  Regardless of the radius used to establish the
Territory of your Restaurant(s), the Territory of a Restaurant opened pursuant to a Development
Agreement cannot exceed the boundaries of the Development Area and neither termination nor expiration
of the Development Agreement will alter this limitation.  In addition, if you relocate the Restaurant, the
Territory will not change unless we agree in writing to a change, and the specified radius will not
necessarily be applicable to the relocated site of the Restaurant, even though we have approved the new
location.  We also reserve the right to operate, and license others to operate, Non-Traditional Restaurants
at suitable venues within the Territory.  A Non-Traditional Restaurant located within your Territory may
not offer delivery service unless you and we consent.  If you open a Venue Non-Traditional Restaurant,
the Territory for that Restaurant will extend only to the bounds of the site in which the Non-Traditional
Restaurant is located.  Neither Papa Johns nor any of our franchisees are prohibited from soliciting or
making sales within the Development Area or Territory.  We have no duty to protect you from such sales,
solicitations, or attempted sales.  We are not obligated to compensate you for soliciting or accepting
orders from within your Development Area or Territory.  You may solicit or accept orders from customers
outside of your Territory and, if approved, you may do so using other channels of distribution, such as
the Internet and telemarketing.

You will not receive an exclusive Territory.  You may face competition from other Papa Johns
franchisees, from Restaurants that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
that we control.

In operating the online ordering system, we will by necessity direct incoming orders to a specific
Papa Johns Restaurant.  Under the Franchise Agreement, you must acknowledge and agree that we will
define the trade area for your Restaurant for the purpose of directing online orders to your
Restaurant.  However, this online trade area definition does not grant you any exclusivity to any particular
customers or geographic territory and we have no obligation to protect your online trade area or reserve
it for your exclusive benefit.  Your online trade area may be significantly different than the Territory and
may change from time to time.  In determining to which Papa Johns Restaurant an online order will be
routed, we will consider such matters as we reasonably deem material, including, without limitation:
existing trade or delivery areas of Papa Johns Restaurants in geographic proximity to the address or
customer placing the order; demographic characteristics of the location of  such proximate Papa Johns
Restaurants; traffic patterns and similar factors affecting delivery efficiency; the opening or closing of
other Papa Johns Restaurants; and other commercial characteristics of geographically proximate Papa
Johns Restaurants.  Owing to these considerations, routing of online orders may change from time to time
and such changes may remove particular addresses or groups of addresses, particular customers, groups
of customers or geographic area(s) from routing to your Restaurant and online orders from such addresses,
groups of addresses, customers, groups of customers or geographic area(s) may be re-routed to other Papa
Johns Restaurants that are now, or that may in the future be, located near or adjacent to your
Restaurant.  Such other Papa Johns Restaurants may be owned by us, our affiliated companies or other
franchisees.  If you relocate the Restaurant, the routing of online orders to your Restaurant may be

- 51 -
reduced, changed, altered or restricted, even though we have approved the new location for the
Restaurant.

Your Territory will not be altered even if there is a population increase.  It will not be affected
by your sales volume.  Except as the Development Agreement grants you the right to develop a specific
number of Restaurants, you are not granted any other option, right of first refusal or similar right to
acquire additional Restaurants in your Development Area or Territory under either the Development
Agreement or Franchise Agreement. We will review, consider, and approve proposed sites for Papa Johns
Restaurants under a Development Agreement applying our then-current criteria for evaluating new sites
for new Restaurants.

Although we do not currently do so, under the Franchise Agreement and Development
Agreement we reserve the right, either directly or through affiliated entities, to operate or franchise or
license others to operate or franchise, Restaurants or other food related establishments or businesses other
than Papa Johns Pizza Restaurants and you agree that we and our affiliates may do so within the Territory;
provided, that such Restaurants or food establishments or businesses will not sell pizza on a delivery
basis, or primarily on a carry-out basis.  We also reserve the right to develop, market and conduct any
other business under the Marks or any other trademark within and outside the Territory.  We also reserve
the right, directly or through third parties, to manufacture or sell, or both, within and outside the Territory,
pizza and other products that are the same as or similar to those sold in Papa Johns Restaurants using
brand names that are the same as, or similar to, the Marks through any channel of distribution; provided
that such items are not sold through Restaurants or on a ready-to-eat basis. We will not pay you any
compensation for our business activities inside or outside the Territory or Development Area, including
us soliciting or accepting business from inside the Territory or Development Area.