ITEM 12.
TERRITORY
If you wish to open one or more Arby’s Restaurants, you must sign a Development Agreement
before you sign a Franchise Agreement.  The Development Agreement grants you the right during
its term to open one or more new Arby’s Restaurants within the territory/geographical area
(“Territory”), and according to the Development Schedule, specified in the Development
Agreement.  While the Development Agreement is in effect, we will not open, or franchise any
party to open, any new Arby’s Restaurant in the Territory.  We generally define the Territory using
a radius encompassing a specific trade area for a proposed Arby’s Restaurant or governmental
boundaries (streets, city, county).  However, the Territory excludes malls, college and university
campus locations, hospitals, and other similar institutional-type facilities, service plazas, military
bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special location activity centers like sports
arenas, and sovereign nations.  There is no specific minimum size for Territories.
You must open and continuously operate Arby’s Restaurants in the Territory according to the
Development Schedule to maintain your rights under the Development Agreement.  If you do not
comply with the Development Schedule or the other provisions of the Development Agreement
or any Franchise Agreement, then, among other things, we may terminate the Development
Agreement.  Except for these situations, continuation of your territorial rights under the
Development Agreement does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market
penetration or other contingency, and we may not alter your Territory or alter your territorial rights
in the Territory during the term of the Development Agreement.  If you comply with the
Development Agreement during its term, you have the right to negotiate with us for a new
Development Agreement if you provide 60 days’ notice.  Otherwise you have no options, rights of
first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises under the Development Agreement.
Arby’s 2024 FDD
1601869347.4
Under each Franchise Agreement you will operate one Restaurant at a specified location that we
have accepted.  You may not relocate the Restaurant to a new location within or outside the
Protected Area (defined below) without first obtaining our written approval.  Typically, we grant
requests for relocation when the Restaurant’s premises are inoperable due to casualty or taken
in condemnation or by eminent domain, when highway relocations or closings have substantially
reduced access to the Restaurant’s premises, or when you can no longer use the Restaurant’s
premises for similar reasons beyond your control.  We also may permit a relocation for economic
reasons, shifts in trade area, demographics and traffic patterns or other special circumstances.
We may, in our sole judgment, grant you a specific and limited protected area surrounding your
Restaurant (the “Protected Area”).  If the Restaurant is a free-standing structure and we grant you
a Protected Area, we will typically delineate the Protected Area using a 1-mile radius from the
location or by boundary streets or highways.  However, the Protected Area excludes malls,
college and university campus locations, hospitals, and other similar institutional-type facilities,
service plazas, military bases, theme/amusement parks, airports, casinos, special location activity
centers like sports arenas, and sovereign nations.  The Protected Area may, however, be limited
to the specific Restaurant location.  If you operate a Non-Traditional Restaurant, we will not grant
any Protected Area.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate an Arby’s Restaurant and one or
more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may grant you territorial
exclusivity for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or
Other Franchise Agreement.
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or franchise others to operate
an Arby’s Restaurant using the licensed Trademarks and offering deli-inspired sandwiches for
sale to consumers within the Protected Area, if any.  Except for these rights, we and our affiliates
reserve all other rights relative to Arby’s Restaurants, the Arby’s trademarks, and other business
concepts, whether within or outside the Protected Area.  We and our affiliates may operate,
license, or franchise Arby’s Restaurants in any location, other than the Protected Area, if any,
using the Arby’s trademarks and offering deli-inspired sandwiches.  In addition, we and our
affiliates may also establish and operate LSRs or similar or different businesses under any name
at any location, whether using Arby’s trademarks or other trademarks, unless precluded by a
written contractual obligation.  We and our affiliates may also develop new and existing concepts,
as dual-brand and standalone concepts.  Because we and our affiliates may operate, or franchise
other parties to operate, Arby’s Restaurants at non-traditional locations inside the Territory or
Protected Area, and in some cases (like if you operate a Non-Traditional Restaurant) we do not
provide a Protected Area, you will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control.
There are no restrictions on your soliciting and accepting customers from outside your Protected
Area or otherwise competing with Arby’s Restaurants which are now, or may in the future be,
located outside your Protected Area (if any).  Only we, our affiliates or designees have the right
to sell products or services under the Arby’s trademark either within or outside of your Protected
Area or Territory, if any, through any alternative channels of distribution, such as the
internet/worldwide web and other forms of electronic commerce; “800” or similar toll-free
telephone numbers; catalogs; telemarketing or other direct marketing sales; or any other channel
of distribution other than an Arby’s Restaurant, and you may not sell products or services under
the Arby’s trademark either within or outside of your Protected Area or Territory using alternative
channels of distribution.  You have no right to compensation if we do so.  We currently sell frozen
Arby’s 2024 FDD
1601869347.4
curly fries at approximately 44,000 retail stores nationwide and online.  We reserve the right to
sell other products or services under the Arby’s trademark or other trademarks using alternative
channels of distribution in the future.
The Franchise Agreement does not provide you options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
acquire additional franchises within the Protected Area or contiguous areas.  Continuation of your
territorial rights under the Franchise Agreement does not depend on your achieving a certain
sales volume, market penetration or other contingency.  We may not alter your Protected Area or
modify your territorial rights in the Protected Area before your Franchise Agreement expires or is
terminated, although we may do so for a successor franchise.  Therefore, if a development
opportunity arises for another franchisee who is interested in development in your Protected Area
or Territory, we will seek your consent to allow that franchisee to open an Arby’s Restaurant within
your Protected Area or Territory.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar
to those that our franchisees sell.  However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs
described in Item 1 and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned
by private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or
franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell.  Item 1
describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses,
the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or company-
owned, and their trademarks.  All of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices
and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our
franchise network.  Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise
network given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All
of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders
from customers near your business.  Because they are separate companies, we do not expect
any conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers
and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.