ITEM 12
TERRITORY


You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  Under the
terms of the Development Agreement, we grant you the right to develop one or more Restaurants within a
specified territory (the “Territory”) during one or more “initial development period(s).”  This right will
continue during any subsequent development periods (as defined in Section 3.2 of the Development
Agreement) if it is determined that additional Restaurants should be constructed to fully develop the Territory.
However, Non-Traditional Venues (see Item 1) will be excluded from your Territory and may be developed
by us or a third party without any participation by or payment to you.  After the “initial development period(s),”
we will determine the number of Restaurants that you must develop under the Development Agreement based
on the Territory’s population, per person or family income, current and potential development, your financial
strength and certain other related factors.  The term of “initial development periods” shown in the Development
Agreement may vary from franchisee to franchisee.  Before signing the Development Agreement, we will give
you a written description and/or map of your Territory.


The Development Agreement does not restrict you from developing more than the minimum number
of Restaurants called for, but you may only develop the Restaurants we approve for development. Under the
Development Agreement, you cannot develop Restaurants outside of your Territory.  The Development
Agreement does not allow you to acquire additional Territory.  You have no options, rights of first refusal or
similar rights to acquire additional franchises beyond the development rights granted by your Development
Agreement.


Under each Franchise Agreement, we allow you to operate a Restaurant at the single specific location
described in the Franchise Agreement.  We must approve the location of the Restaurant in advance. You may
not enter into any lease or other agreement which imposes restrictions on your (or our) right to operate
additional Restaurants at any particular location or which does not provide you with the right to operate the
Restaurant throughout the entire term of the Franchise Agreement, and we must approve for these purposes in
advance any purchase contract or lease you enter.  You and your landlord must sign a rider to any lease in
substantially the same form as our then-current form of lease rider.  Our current form of lease rider is attached
as Appendix C to the Development Agreement.


Once we issue a Franchise Agreement to you, you must obtain our approval in advance to relocate or
close the Restaurant for any reason, including condemnation or events outside your control.  You will not have
the right to close your Restaurant or terminate your Franchise Agreement without our prior approval in the
event your lease for the Restaurant expires or is terminated for any reason prior to the expiration of the term
of the Franchise Agreement.

While the Development Agreement is in effect, we may not operate, and may not franchise or license
any other party to operate, any Restaurant using the Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar® trade name in
your Territory, with the exception of Non-Traditional Venues as described above.  If the Development
Agreement expires or terminates, but your Franchise Agreement remains in effect, we may not establish or
grant any franchise to a third party for the establishment of, a Restaurant (using the Applebee’s Neighborhood
Grill & Bar® service mark) within the lesser of a three-mile radius of the Restaurant covered by the Franchise
Agreement or a radius from the Restaurant which includes either a residential or daytime population of 40,000
or more people.  These radius restrictions will not apply to a Restaurant located in an airport, train station, bus
terminal, port authority, campus at any college, university or other post-secondary education institution,
hospital and other health care facility, arena, stadium, state or national park, or military fort, post or base, travel
plaza, casino or across an international border.

Applebee’s - 03/24 FDD
The Franchise Agreement allows you to use the Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar® and other
related service marks or trademarks for the operation of your Restaurant only. You may not sell pre-packaged
food products, gift cards or any other products or services from or through any location or channel of
distribution other than your Restaurant, such as grocery, mass merchandise, wholesale/club, convenience, drug
stores or any other type of outlet or channel of distribution.  We and our affiliates retain the right to sell products
and services in your Territory (or in the protected radius of your Franchise Agreement) under our principal
trademarks or any other trademarks or service marks through any channel of distribution other than a
Restaurant.  For example, although we do not currently do so, we reserve the right to sell pre-packaged food
products at outlets in your Territory or protected radius like grocery, mass merchandise, wholesale/club,
convenience, drug stores or any other channel of distribution (including the Internet).  We may engage in these
activities without paying any compensation to you.

We retain the right to operate, or franchise the operation of, Restaurants that do not use the Applebee’s
Neighborhood Grill & Bar® service mark or similar marks even if they offer similar products and services
(“Other Restaurants”) and to produce and sell products that are not branded with the Applebee’s Neighborhood
Grill & Bar® service mark or similar marks (for example, through virtual brands that we develop and license
to be produced and sold).  We may operate, or franchise the operation of, Other Restaurants within your
Territory or within the radius restriction set forth in your Franchise Agreement without paying any
compensation to you.  At present, we do not plan to operate, or franchise the operation of, Other Restaurants.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as described in more detail in the current form franchise agreement, if
we establish, license or franchise a ghost kitchen, we shall not authorize such ghost kitchen to use the trademark
for a virtual brand we own in fulfilling delivery orders within the Restaurant’s Delivery Area if such virtual
brand was actually offered by the Restaurant at the time we begin the ghost kitchen. To the extent that the
restriction in the foregoing sentence is not applicable solely because the virtual brand was not actually offered
by the Restaurant at the time the ghost kitchen was established, licensed or franchised, then, prior to authorizing
the use of the trademark by such ghost kitchen in the Restaurant’s Delivery Area, we shall first inquire whether
you desire to negotiate in good faith to arrive at a mutually acceptable arrangement whereby by the Restaurant
may offer such virtual brand within the Restaurant’s Delivery Area and follow the procedures outlined in
connection therewith in the franchise agreement. If, after following the procedures in the franchise agreement,
you have not entered into a written agreement providing for the Restaurant’s offering of such virtual brand, we
shall be free to authorize a ghost kitchen to use the trademark for our virtual brand owned in fulfilling deliveries
within the Restaurant’s Delivery Area. “Restaurant’s Delivery Area” means the area surrounding the
Restaurant within which the Restaurant routinely fulfills delivery orders as of the date on which we establish
the ghost kitchen.  The determination of the Restaurant’s Delivery Area shall be in our sole discretion after
obtaining information from any third-party delivery vendors and you.


To continue your right to develop under the Development Agreement, you must comply with the
development schedule stated in the Development Agreement (discussed in Item 17).  Otherwise, continuation
of your territorial rights under the Development Agreement and Franchise Agreement are not contingent on a
certain sales volume, quota or market penetration.  We will not reduce or change your Territory due to changes
in population; however, it is possible for the protected radius under a Franchise Agreement to be reduced upon
increases in residential or daytime population.


As noted in Item 1, in November 2007, Applebee’s International, Inc. and its subsidiaries were
acquired by Dine Brands. Subsidiaries of Dine Brands are the franchisor and operator of the IHOP/International
House of Pancakes family restaurant chain, which serves a wide variety of breakfast, lunch and dinner
selections.  The chain currently offers, among other things, a variety of pancakes as well as omelets, breakfast
specialties, burgers, sandwiches, salads, chicken and steaks.  The diverse menu of the IHOP restaurants appeals
to people of all ages. Additionally, in December 2022, Dine Brands acquired the franchisor and operator of the
Fuzzy’s Taco Shop restaurants, which are Baja-style Mexican food fast-casual restaurants that feature simple,
made-from-scratch items like huevos rancheros and breakfast tacos, Baja-inspired tacos and burritos,
Applebee’s - 03/24 FDD
traditional Mexican dinners, sandwiches, sides, and signature sauces.  As of the end of fiscal 2023, there were:
1,703 franchised IHOP restaurants in the U.S. and U.S. Territories; and approximately 131 franchised Fuzzy’s
Taco Shop restaurants in the U.S.  These restaurants operate under the “IHOP” and “International House of
Pancakes” marks for the IHOP system, and the “Fuzzy’s Taco Shop” mark for the Fuzzy’s system.  These
restaurants, which are operated by our affiliates and their franchisees, may solicit and accept orders within the
Territory and within the above-described radius surrounding your Restaurant.  We do not expect that there will
be material conflicts between these franchise systems regarding territory, customers or franchisor support. The
principal business address for the IHOP chain’s operations is 10 W. Walnut St., 5th Floor, Pasadena, California
91103, and the principal business address for the Fuzzy’s Taco Shop chain’s operations is 4200 Regent
Boulevard, Suite C-210, Irving, Texas 75063.