ITEM 12
TERRITORY

You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Development Agreement

FDD-2023
409932124-v3\NA_DMS




We may sign a Development Agreement with you, although we have no obligation to do so.  The
Development Agreement grants you an assigned geographic area (“Territory”).  The size of the Territory
may range from a portion of a city or an unincorporated area to a single or multi-county area, or a single or
multi-state area, and will be described in Article 1 of each Development Agreement by county or state lines
or a description of municipal boundaries. Airports, schools, railroad/railway stations, government
institutions, military installations, stadiums, sports arenas, casinos, “big box” retail stores, and other
institutional or public service operations will not be included in the Territory even if they fall totally or
partially inside the boundaries of the Territory.
If you are in compliance with the Development Agreement and any franchise agreement with us,
we will not establish, or license anyone other than you to establish, any Chili’s Restaurant under the System
in the Territory during the term of the Development Agreement. However, we and/or any other Chili’s
franchisees and any other authorized person or entity may, at any time, advertise or promote the System
and fulfill customer orders in the Territory without compensation to you. We may also offer and sell and
authorize any person or entity to offer and sell products and services in the Territory other than through a
Chili’s Restaurant. These products and services may be similar to those offered by the Restaurants and may
be offered and sold under the Proprietary Marks (e.g. prepackaged food and beverage items, shirts, clothing
or other Chili’s memorabilia) or under other names and marks (see below).
The territorial exclusivity granted to you is not dependent on your achievement of a certain sales
volume, market penetration, or other contingency except as stated in the next paragraph. Also, except as
stated in the next paragraph, there are no circumstances under which the Territory granted to you may be
altered before the expiration or the termination of the Development Agreement. After the term of the
Development Agreement, we and/or any other Chili’s franchisees and any other authorized person or entity
may, at any time, develop Chili’s Restaurants in the Territory.
If you are in default of the Development Agreement, we may, in addition to other remedies, modify,
reduce or accelerate the development schedule; terminate, modify and/or reduce your territorial exclusivity;
or modify and/or reduce the Territory.
Franchise Agreement

The Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate the Restaurant only at the approved location, which
is described in Attachment A to the Franchise Agreement. You may not relocate the Restaurant without first obtaining
our written consent. There are no territorial rights granted with the Franchise Agreement. There is no requirement that
you achieve any specified sales volume or market penetration under the Franchise Agreement.


You may be required to participate in our then-current delivery and takeout programs.  As of the
issuance date, we do not grant territories in connection with our current delivery programs, and, should we
designate a delivery area, it will be on a non-exclusive basis.

Other Concepts and Distribution Channels
We have established other franchises and company-owned restaurants which may be considered
competitive to a Chili’s Restaurant or which sell similar products or services under different trade names
or trademarks. This includes Maggiano’s Little Italy restaurants. (See Item 1) The Maggiano’s Little Italy
concept maintains its principal place of business at 3000 Olympus Boulevard, Dallas, Texas 75019, and we
do not maintain physically separate offices or training facilities for this concept. We may, from time-to-
time, offer to our franchisees the option to participate in Virtual Product Offerings through which
franchisees utilize existing the kitchen of their Chili’s Restaurant to offer certain products under separate
marks for off premise sales.  Currently, we offer franchisees the opportunity to participate in the IJW Virtual
Product Offering and may offer other concepts as Virtual Product Offerings to franchisees from time to
time.  To the extent that these restaurants and products compete for customers in their various market
segments and all restaurants compete for customers generally, your Restaurant may compete for customers

FDD-2023
409932124-v3\NA_DMS




with our other company-owned or franchised restaurants that operate under other trademarks. We currently
have no mechanism for resolving conflicts between franchisees of Chili’s Restaurants and the franchised
or company-owned restaurants operating under different marks or trade names. Any conflicts would be
resolved on a case-by-case basis and, since there have been no conflicts in the past, no formal procedure or
mechanism has been adopted for such disputes.
Other than those described above, we do not have any additional concepts or alternative distribution
methods that we are currently planning on implementing; however, we are constantly evaluating the need
to develop additional restaurant concepts or other means to deliver our products to the marketplace.  We or
our present or future affiliates may establish other franchises or company-owned restaurants selling or
leasing similar products or services under the trade names or trademarks described above or under different
trade names or trademarks, and any of these units may be located in the Territory granted to you by the
Development Agreement. You may use the Internet to advertise only in compliance with the Franchise
Agreement.
Options/Rights of First Refusal
We generally do not grant any right of first refusal to obtain additional restaurant locations. If you
wish to obtain an additional location, it must be included within your development schedule and you will
be required to enter into a separate Franchise Agreement for the restaurant location.