ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement, Nontraditional License Agreement and Single Unit Development
Agreement (Exhibits F-1, F-2 and G-1)
The Company only grants franchises for specific restaurant locations.

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
The Single Unit Development Agreement is signed for each location and grants
you the right to construct a single Jack in the Box restaurant within the Development
Area.  The Development Area under this Agreement could be a specific site or a larger
area agreed to and described in the Agreement.  Typically, a larger development area
would be defined by market points, as determined by us.  When establishing market
points, we consider various information, such as the locations of other restaurants,
direct and indirect competition, store characteristics, historical consumer source
surveys, sales history, mobile customer data, demographics, and psychographics,
among others.  The Company will not grant new Jack in the Box franchises to any
person or entity other than you for the operation of and the Company will not open, any
new Jack in the Box restaurant within the Development Area; however, if Company or
any other franchisee already operates one or more Jack in the Box restaurants within
the Development Area, Company shall have the right to: (i) continue to operate (and
allow franchisees to operate) any such currently existing locations; (ii) grant a franchise
for the operation of those restaurants to a franchisee other than you; or (iii) develop and
open, or allow a franchisee to develop and open, an offset restaurant to replace any
such existing location(s).  Company also reserves the right to grant franchises for the
operation of, or to itself operate restaurants, other than Jack in the Box restaurants,
within the Development Area.
Under the Franchise Agreement and Nontraditional License Agreement, there
are no restrictions on the Company's right to establish Jack in the Box or other
restaurants, or to franchise Jack in the Box or other restaurants near your restaurant.
There are also no restrictions on the Company's right to sell any type of product or
service through any other channel of distribution, such as the Internet, food trucks, or
grocery stores, under the Jack in the Box trademarks or any other trademarks, or to
license others to do so.  Your franchise agreement will give you no right to sell products
or services anywhere other than at your specific restaurant location.
Except as specifically described in your Development Agreement, you will not
receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.  You will have no right to relocate your business (although, in the past we have
permitted franchisees to relocate their franchised business when there was a serious
business impediment outside of their control and an offsetting location was available in
the immediate vicinity of the original restaurant).
The Franchise Agreement, the Nontraditional License Agreement and Single Unit
Development Agreement do not give you the right to establish additional franchised or
licensed restaurants, whether by option or right of first refusal.
Multi-Unit Development Agreement (Exhibit G-2)
If you sign a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, you will have the right and
obligation to construct an agreed-upon number of Jack in the Box restaurants within a
defined geographic area (the “Development Area”) during the term of, and subject to the
conditions defined in, the Development Agreement.  The Development Area will be

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
described in the Multi-Unit Development Agreement. Development Areas may be
designated at the Company's discretion in such manner as it deems appropriate but,
typically, we define Development Areas by market points as determined by us.  When
establishing market points, we consider various information, such as the locations of
other restaurants, direct and indirect competition, store characteristics, historical
consumer source surveys, sales history, mobile customer data, demographics, and
psychographics, among others.  In most cases, the Multi-Unit Development Agreement
gives you no option or right to increase, reduce or otherwise change your Development
Area, the number of restaurants you must open, or the time period in which you must
open the restaurants.
Under a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, the Company may agree not to
build new Company-owned Jack in the Box restaurants or allow any other person to
build new Jack in the Box restaurants within the Development Area during the term of
the Agreement.  If Company grants you a limited exclusive area, Company will reserve
certain rights in that area including the right to grant franchises to third parties for
nontraditional venues or for other locations specifically disclosed in the Multi-Unit
Development Agreement.  Regardless of whether you are granted an exclusive territory
under a Multi-Unit Development Agreement, if there is a restaurant already operating in
the Development Area at the time you enter into a Multi-Unit Development Agreement,
the Company may allow it to operate, may buy the restaurant, or may allow it to be sold
to a franchisee other than you.
You must obtain the Company's written approval of each location before you may
develop it.  If you are already operating one or more Jack in the Box restaurants, you
must continue to operate those restaurants in full compliance with our Standards
throughout the development process.  Following approval by Company of any proposed
new restaurant location, you must sign a Franchise Agreement with us, and pay any
Initial Franchise Fee owed.
If you do not adhere to the Development Schedule, or if you violate any other
term or condition of the Development Agreement, any Franchise Agreement or any
other agreement with the Company, we may declare a default under the Development
Agreement, we may terminate any limited exclusive territory granted under the Multi-
Unit Development Agreement and build restaurants in the Development Area or allow
other franchisees to build in that Development Area, and/or you will no longer be
permitted to build restaurants in the Development Area.
JIB is the indirect parent of DLT.  DLT operates and franchises quick service
restaurants that offer Mexican-American and American cuisine under the tradename Del
Taco.  DTL’s principal business address is 25521 Commercentre Drive, Suite 150, Lake
Forest, California 92630.  These restaurants may be located near your Jack in the Box
restaurant’s location, and may solicit and accept orders from customers near your Jack
in the Box location.  Even if you have a Development Agreement that provides for a
limited exclusive Development Area, these Del Taco restaurants may be located within
your Development Area, or open there at any time.  We anticipate no significant
conflicts with, or between, Jack in the Box franchisees and Del Taco franchisees

FDD 03/24
Different Rules, LLC
Jack in the Box Restaurants
regarding territory, customers or franchisor support because we only grant Jack in the
Box franchises covering specific restaurant locations and the restaurant concepts offer
different food products and dining experiences.  If a conflict does arise, we will analyze
the conflict and take actions (if any) that we deem appropriate, which may include
participating in nonbinding mediation.