ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement
You will operate the Restaurant at a specific Authorized Location that we accept within a
Designated Area that we specify in the Franchise Agreement when we and you sign it.  There is
no set minimum or maximum size for Designated Areas.  We will determine the Designated Area
for each BWW-GO Restaurant based on a number of factors, such as the character of nearby
businesses, demographic factors, drive times, and other physical and commercial characteristics
of the location and market.  However, we do not anticipate that a Designated Area will be less than
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
2 blocks nor more than 3 miles.  The consumer service area, trade area or other designated area of
another BWW-GO Restaurant might overlap with your Designated Area.
While you and your affiliates comply with the Franchise Agreement and any other
agreements with us and our affiliates relating to the Restaurant, we and our affiliates will not open
and operate, or grant to anyone else a license or franchise to open and operate, a BWW-GO
Restaurant the physical premises are located within the Designated Area so long as the Franchise
Agreement is in effect, except for BWW-GO Restaurants located at Non-Traditional Locations
within the Designated Area.  Because we can locate BWW-GO Restaurants at Non-Traditional
Locations within the Designated Area and for the reasons described below, you will not receive
an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we
own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Under the Non-Traditional Rider to the Franchise Agreement, you receive the right to
operate a BWW-GO Restaurant at a specific location that we accept.  You will not be granted any
geographic or territorial protections.
Certain locations within and outside the Designated Area are by their nature unique and
separate in character from sites generally developed as BWW-GO Restaurants.  As a result, Non-
Traditional Locations are excluded from the Designated Area, and we and our affiliates have the
right to open and operate, or grant to anyone else a license or franchise to open or operate, BWW-
GO Restaurants at these locations, whether they are within or outside the Designated Area.
We (on behalf of ourselves and on behalf of any other entity which we may acquire, or be
acquired by, or otherwise are or become affiliated with) retain all rights not expressly granted in
the Franchise Agreement and have the right to engage in any activities we or they deem appropriate
that the Franchise Agreement does not expressly prohibit.  By way of example, this includes:
(1)
establishing and operating, and granting rights to others to establish and
operate, on any terms and conditions we deem appropriate, BWW-GO Restaurants at any
locations outside the Designated Area and BWW-GO Restaurants at any Non-Traditional
Locations within or outside the Designated Area;
(2)
establishing and operating, and granting rights to others to establish and
operate, on any terms and conditions we deem appropriate, restaurants and other
foodservice establishments (including Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars) or any similar or
dissimilar businesses that either are not primarily identified by the Buffalo Wild Wings
GO® Trademark or do not operate under the System at any locations, whether within or
outside the Designated Area;
(3)
all rights relating to the Trademarks, and all Menu Items and other products
and services associated with any of the Trademarks, in any methods of distribution, except
as specifically described above.  This includes providing, and granting rights to others to
provide (except as specifically described above), products and services that are similar or
dissimilar to, or competitive with, any Menu Items and other products and services
provided at BWW-GO Restaurants, whether identified by the Trademarks or other
trademarks or service marks, regardless of the method of distribution and at any area or
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
location.  For example, we and our affiliates may provide and grant others the right to
provide:  (a) through other BWW-GO Restaurants, Buffalo Wild Wings Sports Bars, and/or
other methods of distribution, catering and delivery services for Menu Items and other
products and services within or outside the Designated Area, and (b) any frozen items, pre-
packaged items or other products or services associated with BWW-GO Restaurants (now
or in the future) or identified by the Trademarks, or any other trademarks, service marks or
trade names, through any channels of distribution such as grocery stores, club stores,
convenience stores, wholesale, hospitals, clinics, health care facilities, business or industry
locations (e.g. manufacturing sites and office buildings), military installations, military
commissaries or the internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce);
and
(4)
acquiring the assets or ownership interests of, or being acquired (regardless
of the form of transaction) by, a one or more businesses providing products and services
similar or dissimilar to those provided at BWW-GO Restaurants, and franchising, licensing
or creating other arrangements regarding these businesses once acquired, wherever these
businesses (or the franchisees or licensees of these businesses) are located or operating,
whether within or outside the Designated Area.
If you choose to relocate the Restaurant because your lease expires or is cancelled for
reasons other than your breach, or you need to relocate the Restaurant because of condemnation
or destruction, you may do so at a site acceptable to us that is within your Designated Area if you
comply with our timelines for notice and development of the new site.  As part of the relocation,
you must sign our then current form of franchise agreement and related documents (modified to
remove any initial franchise fee), the terms of which may differ from those in the Franchise
Agreement, including higher fees and a modification to the Designated Area and/or your rights in
any new designated area.  You must pay the costs of any relocation, and we reserve the right to
charge you for any reasonable costs that we incur relating to your relocation.
You must engage in catering and delivery from your Restaurant according to the standards
and specifications that we periodically specify.  You may not establish another outlet or property
(other than the Authorized Location) for use in providing catering or delivery service and may not
provide catering or delivery service to customers at Non-Traditional Locations without our prior
written consent.  At our option, we may determine, and after that may periodically modify, the
geographic area within which you will provide catering or delivery service, but you will not receive
any exclusive, protected or other territorial rights regarding catering services or deliveries in that
geographic area.  If you fail to comply with any provision of the Franchise Agreement, including
any standard or specification pertaining to catering or delivery service, then in addition to our other
rights, we may temporarily suspend or permanently terminate your right to provide catering and/or
delivery service or temporarily or permanently restrict the geographic area within which you may
provide catering or delivery service.  Otherwise, there are no restrictions on your soliciting or
accepting orders from consumers outside of the Designated Area, but you do not have the right to
use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct
marketing, to make sales within or outside of your Designated Area.  We and our affiliates may
use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
marketing sales, to make sales within the Designated Area using the Trademarks or other
trademarks without compensating you.
Continuation of your territorial rights under the Franchise Agreement does not depend on
your achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration or other contingency.  The Franchise
Agreement does not provide you options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire
additional franchises within the Designated Area or contiguous areas.  We may not alter your
Designated Area or modify your territorial rights in the Designated Area before your Franchise
Agreement expires or is terminated, although we may do so for a successor franchise agreement
and if you relocate the Restaurant and sign a new franchise agreement.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a BWW-GO Restaurant and
one or more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may grant you territorial
exclusivity for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other
Franchise Agreement.
Area Development Agreement
If we and you sign an Area Development Agreement, then we grant to you the right
(directly or through Developer Subsidiaries) to develop and sign Franchise Agreements to operate
the number of new BWW-GO Restaurants identified on the Development Schedule within the
Development Territory.  We will identify the Development Territory in the Area Development
Agreement when we and you sign it.  We typically define Development Territories based on
demographics, the character of the market and nearby businesses and residences, the density of
residential and business entities, traffic generators, driving times, and major topographical features
which clearly define contiguous areas, like rivers, mountains, major freeways, and underdeveloped
land areas.  The consumer service area, trade area or designated area of another BWW-GO
Restaurant might overlap with your Development Territory.  There is no minimum size for
Development Territories.
To maintain your rights under the Area Development Agreement, you (or a Developer
Subsidiary) must (i) submit site packages for proposed BWW-GO Restaurant sites that you
reasonably believe conform to our then current site selection criteria, in the form and containing
the information that we periodically specify, for the number of sites described under the
Development Schedule; (ii) sign Franchise Agreements with us for the number of new BWW-GO
Restaurants described under the Development Schedule; and (iii) open and begin operating the
number of new BWW-GO Restaurants described under the Development Schedule in compliance
with the applicable Franchise Agreements. We will determine whether to accept or reject proposed
sites based on our then current standards for site selection.  You also must comply with the
Development Schedule requirements regarding the cumulative number of BWW-GO Restaurants
to be open and continuously operating for business in the Development Territory.  If you fail to
comply with any aspect of the Development Schedule, we may terminate the Area Development
Agreement.
If you have complied with the Area Development Agreement and our then current
development policies, and we have accepted your proposed site for the BWW-GO Restaurant and
your (or your Developer Subsidiary’s) financial and operational qualifications, then we will issue
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
a franchise agreement for that Restaurant at that site.  We will determine the designated area, and
any rights in the designated area, for that franchise agreement using our then current standards and
policies.
If you and your affiliates are complying with the Area Development Agreement and any
other agreements with us and our affiliates relating to any BWW-GO Restaurants, including all
Franchise Agreements, then we and our affiliates will not open and operate, or grant to anyone
else a license or franchise to open and operate, a BWW-GO Restaurant the physical premises are
located within the Development Territory so long as the Area Development Agreement is in effect,
except for BWW-GO Restaurants located at Non-Traditional Locations within the Development
Territory.  Non-Traditional Locations are excluded from the Development Territory, and we and
our affiliates may open and operate, or grant to anyone else a license or franchise to open and
operate, BWW-GO Restaurants at Non-Traditional Locations within or outside the Development
Territory.  However, if the Development Territory covers more than one city, county, designated
market area or target area (each “Target Area”), then this territorial protection for each Target Area
expires upon the earlier of (i) the expiration or termination of the Area Development Agreement,
or (ii) the date upon which you or a Developer Subsidiary signs a Franchise Agreement for a
BWW-GO Restaurant to be developed in that Target Area.  When this territorial protection for the
Development Territory or Target Area (as applicable) ends, then we and our affiliates may open
and operate, and grant to anyone else a license or franchise to open and operate, BWW-GO
Restaurants the physical premises of which are located within the Development Territory or Target
Area (as applicable), except as otherwise provided under any Franchise Agreement then in effect.
The rights described above that we and our affiliates reserve in a franchisee’s Designated
Area for a single BWW-GO Restaurant are generally the same for the Development Territory
under the Area Development Agreement.  Because we can locate BWW-GO Restaurants at Non-
Traditional Locations within the Development Territory and for the reasons described above, you
will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Continuation of your territorial rights in the Development Territory does not depend on your
achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration or other contingency, and we may not alter
your Development Territory or modify your territorial rights in the Development Territory.  You
have no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises under the
Area Development Agreement.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate
or franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services
similar to those that our franchisees sell.  However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs
described in Item 1 and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned
by private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or
franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell.  Item 1
describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses,
the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or company-owned,
and their trademarks.  All of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices and
training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our franchise
network.  Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network
BWW-GO FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602039817.6
given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the
businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from
customers near your business.  Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any
conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and
support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.