ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
that we control.
Franchise Agreement
The Franchise Agreement grants to you the right to own and operate a single PLANET
FITNESS business at a specific location.  You may not conduct the business of your PLANET
FITNESS business at any site other than the approved premises, or relocate your PLANET
FITNESS business without receiving our prior written consent and meeting our relocation
requirements.  Relocation will be approved if the proposed site meets our then-current site
selection criteria, which include such factors as the general location and neighborhood,
demographic information, traffic patterns, access, visibility, location of other competing facilities,
size, configuration, appearance, and other physical characteristics of the site.  The Franchise
FDD – June 2024
PLANET FITNESS®
Agreement does not provide you with any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire
additional franchises, or any protected territory. If we approve the relocation of your PLANET
FITNESS business, you must develop a marketing plan for the relocation, which may cover the
Relocation Period (see Item 11). We may require you to spend up to $30,000 per every 30 days
during the Relocation Period in accordance with your relocation marketing plan. Compliant
relocation marketing expenditures will count towards your LAF expenditure requirement.
Except for rights expressly granted to you under the Franchise Agreement, we retain all of
our rights with respect to the Marks, the System and PLANET FITNESS businesses anywhere in
the world, including the right to, without compensation to you:
1.
operate, and grant others the right to operate, PLANET FITNESS businesses and
other marks, systems or businesses at locations and on terms and conditions we
deem appropriate;
2.
offer to sell, or sell and distribute, any products or services under any tradenames,
trademarks, service marks or trade dress, including the Marks, through any
distribution channels or methods, which may include retail stores, wholesale, and
the Internet (or any other existing or future form of electronic commerce);
3.
operate, and grant to others the right to operate, fitness facilities, gyms, health
related establishments and any other business(es) whatsoever identified by
trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than the Marks, under terms and
conditions we deem appropriate which may include locations in close proximity to
your PLANET FITNESS location;
4.
develop or become associated with other concepts (including dual branding or other
franchise systems), whether or not using the PLANET FITNESS System, brand
or the Marks, and award franchises under these other concepts for locations
anywhere;
5.
acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any transaction with
other businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere or
business conducted anywhere.  These transactions may include arrangements
involving competing businesses or outlets and dual branding or brand conversions.
These transactions are expressly permitted under the Franchise Agreement, and you
must participate at your expense in any conversions as instructed by us; and
6.
enter into agreements or arrangements with other local, regional, national or
international companies or organizations by which we offer memberships or other
products and services to the personnel, customers or members of such companies
or organizations on commercially reasonable terms. Such terms may include, but
are not limited to, fees, pricing structures and reimbursement arrangements
(including an administrative fee collected by us) that may be different from our
then-current membership offerings. You must participate in and honor the terms of
such partnerships upon being notified of them.
FDD – June 2024
PLANET FITNESS®
Because you are not granted a territory, we will not pay you any compensation for soliciting
or accepting orders in any specific territory and there are no restrictions on soliciting or accepting
orders outside any specific territory.  You may use the Internet, or other direct marketing to solicit
new members, but only as permitted by law and our approved marketing methods as described in
the Operations Manual and other System communications.  You may not use the Internet, catalog
sales or other direct marketing for the sale of PLANET FITNESS branded merchandise or any
products or services other than memberships to your fitness facility.  In addition, you may not use,
reference or promote the PLANET FITNESS Marks or System, without our consent, in
connection with any form of social media. Any approved use must comply with our policies. You
are not authorized to grant any third party permission to use the Marks.
Area Development Agreement
If you are qualified and choose to acquire area development rights under an Area
Development Agreement, we may grant you the right to develop one or more facilities in a
specified Development Area.  During the term of the Area Development Agreement, so long as
you are in compliance with the Development Schedule, we, our parent and our affiliates will not
develop, operate or franchise a PLANET FITNESS facility in the Development Area except as
follows:
1.
If there are open and operating PLANET FITNESS Business(es) owned by
someone other than you or your affiliates within the specified Development Area
at the time you sign an Area Development Agreement, those business will be
specifically excluded from the Development Area (“Excluded Businesses”).  An
Excluded Business may be relocated to another location in the Development Area
if (a) the new location is in close proximity to, and in the same trade area as, the
previous location, as determined by us in our reasonable discretion, and (b) the new
location is approved by us in accordance with our then-current site review process.
If an Excluded Business is relocated to another location in the Development Area,
and, in our reasonable discretion, we mutually agree that such relocation will impair
your ability to meet your Development Schedule, we will discuss with you whether
an amendment to your Development Schedule and/or Development Area is
appropriate.
2.
We may enter into commercially reasonable agreements or arrangements with other
local, regional, national or international companies or organizations for the
development and operation of PLANET FITNESS Businesses (“Non-traditional
Businesses”) (i) physically located within airports, military installations (including
their adjacent housing and support areas), hotels, resorts, universities and schools,
corporate offices, housing complexes, and similar locations within the
Development Area (“Non-traditional Locations”) and (ii) intended to primarily
serve individuals associated with the Non-traditional Location (e.g., guests,
students, patrons, employees, personnel, residents, or members). Depending on the
nature and scope of the Non-traditional Business agreement or arrangement, we
may grant the right to develop the Non-traditional Business to the owner or operator
of the Non-traditional Location. However, if and to the extent it is commercially
reasonable to do so, we will provide you the right and option, through written notice
FDD – June 2024
PLANET FITNESS®
(“Non-traditional Notice”), to develop such Non-traditional Business on the terms
of the agreement or arrangement we have entered into. You  or an affiliate that we
approve will have 60 days from the date of receipt of our notice and proposed terms
for such agreement(s) to enter into a franchise agreement for such Non-traditional
Business. If you or your affiliate fail to enter into any such franchise agreement,
then your right of first refusal with respect to the Non-traditional Businesses
described in the Non-traditional Notice will expire and be of no force or effect and
we, our parents, subsidiaries, and our affiliates may develop and operate or grant
others the right to develop and operate the Non-traditional Businesses described in
the Non-traditional Notice. Non-traditional Businesses will not count towards your
Development Schedule; however, if, in our reasonable discretion, we mutually
agree that a Non-traditional Business will impair your ability to meet your
Development Schedule, we will discuss with you whether an amendment to your
Development Schedule and/or Development Area is appropriate. The development
of Non-traditional Businesses will be subject to the criteria of our then-current site
review process.
3.
We and our affiliates may operate, and grant to others the right to operate,
PLANET FITNESS Businesses at any locations within the Development Area
where your or your affiliates’ rights to operate a PLANET FITNESS Business
have been terminated due to your or their material breach of a Franchise Agreement
with us, other than certain site acquisition or site opening defaults.
In addition, subject to rights expressly granted to you under the Area Development Agreement, we
retain all of our rights with respect to the Marks, the System and PLANET FITNESS businesses
anywhere in the world, including the right, without compensation to you, to do the following:
1.
operate, and grant to others the right to operate, PLANET FITNESS businesses at
such locations and on such terms as we deem appropriate outside of the
Development Area;
2.
offer to sell, or sell and distribute, inside and outside the Development Area, any
products or services associated with the PLANET FITNESS system (now or in the
future) or identified by the PLANET FITNESS Marks (other than through
PLANET FITNESS businesses inside the Development Area), or any other
tradenames, trademarks or service marks, through any distribution channels or
methods, which may include retail stores, wholesale, and the Internet (or any other
existing or future form of electronic commerce);
3.
operate, and grant to others the right to operate, fitness facilities, gyms, health
related establishments, and any other business(es) whatsoever identified by
tradenames, trademarks, service marks or trade dress, other than the Trademarks,
both inside and outside of the Development Area and pursuant to such terms and
conditions as we deem appropriate, which may include locations in close proximity
to your PLANET FITNESS location(s) and your Development Area;
FDD – June 2024
PLANET FITNESS®
4.
develop or become associated with other concepts (including dual branding or other
franchise systems), whether or not using the PLANET FITNESS System, brand
or Trademarks, and award franchises under these other concepts or locations
anywhere, including into the Development Area;
5.
acquire, be acquired by, merge, affiliate with or engage in any transaction with
other businesses (whether competitive or not), with units located anywhere or
business conducted anywhere, including in the Development Area.  These
transactions may include arrangements involving competing businesses or outlets
and dual branding or brand conversions.  You must participate at your expense in
any conversion as instructed by us; and
6.
enter into agreements or arrangements with other local, regional, national or
international companies or organizations by which we offer memberships or other
products and services to the personnel, customers or members of such companies
or organizations, inside and outside of the Development Area, on commercially
reasonable terms. Such terms may include, but are not limited to, fees, pricing
structures and reimbursement arrangements (including an administrative fee
collected by us) that may be different from our then-current membership offerings.
You must participate in and honor the terms of such partnerships upon being
notified of them.
If you acquire area development rights under an Area Development Agreement, you will
have a limited right of first refusal in the Development Area after the expiration or termination of
the Development Agreement.  Specifically, if we are proposing or considering development in the
Development Area and if (1) you have fully complied with the Development Schedule in the Area
Development Agreement and all PLANET FITNESS businesses required by the Area
Development Agreement remain open and operating; (2) none of your or your affiliates’
agreements with us have been terminated by us; and (3) you and your affiliates are in substantial
compliance with all the terms and conditions of your and their Franchise Agreements,  we will
provide you the right and option, to enter into a development agreement (and/or franchise
agreement, as appropriate) with us on the then-current terms (including fees) we are then offering
to new franchisees for our proposed additional development in the Development Area.
We require in our Franchise Agreement that, upon our written request, you lease or
sublease to us, an affiliate or our designee, at the then-current fair market value rate in your
geographic area for like-leased real estate, 10% or less of the total square footage of the franchise
location for us or our affiliate or designee to use in any way we deem appropriate.
We do not currently operate, or franchise the operation of any other business selling under
different trademarks any products or services similar to the products and services offered by
PLANET FITNESS businesses, and we presently do not have any plans to do so.
FDD – June 2024
PLANET FITNESS®