ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
Company-Owned Outlets, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that KFCLLC
controls.  However, so long as you are in compliance with the Franchise Agreement, you will have a
protected territory of the smaller of (i) a radius of 1.5 miles of the Outlet, or (ii) an area around the Outlet
where 30,000 people reside, or, in the case of a metropolitan area containing more than 100,000 people,
within which 30,000 people reside or work (the “Protected Territory”).  Your rights with respect to the
Protected Territory will not be dependent upon achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration
or other performance factors.  Within the Protected Territory, KFCLLC will not use, or permit others to use
in selling food products, any of the Marks that you have the right to use under the Franchise Agreement,
except for (a) special event sales and (b) in some cases, food products (other than chicken in whole pieces)
using the name or image of Colonel Sanders.  You may only sell Approved Products at the Outlet except
for (i) catering and special event sales and (ii) delivery sales made only in accordance with KFCLLC’s
catering and special events procedures and under a form we require.  You may not sell Approved Products
or other products and services through any alternative channels of distribution. KFCLLC may sell and grant
others the right to sell Approved Products and may use and grant others the right to use the Marks at any
location outside your Protected Territory.
You may relocate the Outlet only with KFCLLC's advance written-approval.  KFCLLC's approval
is based upon a variety of factors, such as the demographics of the proposed new location, the presence of
other Outlets in the area, competition, availability of an acceptable site and your compliance with the
Franchise Agreement.
In the past, KFCC had operated franchised concepts (See Item 1) using other trademarks; and,
KFCLLC may do so in the future, including near the Outlet.
The Franchise Agreement provides that before permitting the establishment of any new franchised
Outlet at a location closer to the Outlet than to any other Outlet, KFCLLC will give you 30 days advance,
written-notice of the proposed new Outlet.  During this 30-day period, you may apply to KFCLLC for a
franchise to operate an Outlet at the proposed new location; and, if you do, KFCLLC will negotiate in good
faith with you regarding your application.  KFCLLC will take into consideration all the relevant factors
including, for example, your established past and present operational performance and financial capacities;
whether you are currently in compliance with financial and other obligations; and efforts by you that have
contributed to the development of consumer demand for KFC products locally and elsewhere.
Also, if an existing franchisee fails to complete any of its obligations under an Option Agreement,
then that failure constitutes a waiver and release by that franchisee for 1 year of any rights the franchisee
may have to apply for the next proposed new, franchised outlet within the Option Area.
Except what is described above, the Franchise Agreement does not provide you with any options,
rights of first refusal or any other rights to open or acquire any other Outlets anywhere, including near the
Outlet.
Neither KFCLLC nor any of its parents, affiliates or franchisees is prohibited from soliciting sales
near the Outlet.
KFC US, LLC
2024_03 FDD
1172.006.025/399180
KFCLLC's domestic, non-KFC affiliates operate, franchise/license others to operate, or both,
restaurants that compete with Outlets in the food-service industry.  The principal trademarks used by these
affiliates are Pizza Hut, Taco Bell and Habit Burger Grill.  One or more of these competing restaurants may
already be located near the proposed Outlet or may be established near the Outlet in the future.
Additionally, new concepts operating under different trademarks may be established, acquired or co-
branded by KFCLLC's affiliates, and those may be located near the Outlet. KFCLLC has no system or
method for resolving conflicts between KFC franchisees and franchisees of any of these competing
concepts, some of which compete more directly with KFC locations than do others.  For the business
addresses of KFCLLC's affiliates and other information on them, see Item 1.  None of these other businesses
are located at KFCLLC's headquarters.
The Franchise Agreement permits KFCLLC and its affiliates, if they desire in the future to do so
either within and/or outside your Protected Territory, to sell food products (other than chicken served in
whole pieces) through grocery stores, other quick-service restaurants or otherwise, using the name and
likeness of Colonel Sanders and utilizing the trademarks historically associated with the product “Kentucky
Kandies” but, not the trade names, trademarks and service marks licensed to you under the Franchise
Agreement.  (The Franchise Agreement does not permit KFCLLC and its affiliates to use Colonel Sanders’
name and likeness in connection with quick-service restaurants other than Kentucky Fried Chicken
locations or in connection with the sale of poultry products other than Approved Products.)  KFCLLC and
its affiliates may do so through any alternative channel of distribution such as, the Internet, catalog sales,
telemarketing or direct marketing sales.  You will not be entitled to any compensation if KFCLLC and/or
its affiliates engage in this activity.
Development Agreement
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
Company-Owned Outlets, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that KFCLLC
controls.
KFCLLC and you will agree on a specific market area in which you will develop Outlets, which
will be identified on an exhibit to the Development Agreement. However, you will not receive any territorial
protections in any such market area. Neither KFCLLC nor its affiliates is prohibited from soliciting sales
near your Outlets. KFCLLC and its affiliates may, within and outside such market area, sell food products
through any alternative channel of distribution such as, the Internet, telemarketing or direct marketing
sales.  You will not be entitled to any compensation if KFCLLC and/or its affiliates engage in this activity.
You may relocate to a different market area only with KFCLLC’s advance written-approval.
KFCLLC’s approval will be in its sole discretion. The Development Agreement does not provide you with
any options, rights of first refusal or any other rights to open or acquire Outlets anywhere.