ITEM 12
TERRITORY
The Franchise Agreement does not grant you an exclusive territory.  You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets we may own or operate in the future, or from competitive
brands that we may control or that are otherwise owned or operated by an affiliate of ours. A
protected territory may be provided by a written amendment to your Franchise Agreement.  Some
of the factors we will consider before granting a protected territory include your reputation in the
marketplace, the size, market share and expected Gross Revenues of your existing real estate
business and the benefit of having you as a part of the System. If we grant a protected territory the
size of the territory may be delineated by the boundaries of a county or by zip code(s), depending
on the circumstances. There is no minimum protected territory, however.
BHHS  has no policy as to how near to an existing franchisee outlet it may establish other
franchises that distribute similar products or services under the same or a different trademark,
service mark, trade name, or logotype.
If BHHS grants you a protected territory in a written amendment to your Franchise Agreement,
you will be required to meet certain stated levels of performance in order to maintain the
protection.  Performance guidelines will typically require you to maintain or increase your
productivity or market share.  Specific performance guidelines vary based on individual market
conditions, your existing production and market share, and are usually negotiated.  In the event
you fail to maintain the agreed upon performance guidelines, BHHS will have the right to cancel
your protected territory (but not your franchise).  BHHS will not otherwise alter your territorial
rights, and there are no other circumstances that permit BHHS to modify your territorial rights,
without your consent.
BHHS grants multiple protected territories only in rare instances. Each protected territory will
have separate performance guidelines and may be separately terminated. Any performance
guidelines will be agreed to in advance and may not be changed unilaterally by BHHS.
Protective territorial rights will only prohibit BHHS from franchising additional offices and
locations within your protected territory using the "Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices" name and
related service marks.  These rights will not prohibit us, other BHHS franchisees, our affiliates, or
our affiliates’ franchisees, from transacting business within your protected territory, nor will these
rights allow you to expand within your protected territory without our consent.  In addition, the
granting of any protective territorial rights will not prohibit BHHS from granting a BHHS
franchise to any existing brokerage currently owned or later acquired, directly or indirectly, by
HomeServices of America, Inc., or any franchisees of any such brokerage currently owned or later
acquired, directly or indirectly, by HomeServices of America, Inc. Any protective territorial rights
will also not guarantee that you will be the exclusive recipient of referrals or any other business
within the protected territory.
If your protected territory is canceled, because you do not meet the performance guidelines, BHHS
will again have the unrestricted right to own, operate, franchise or license, or in any other manner
authorize the location and operation of, other BHHS Brokerages at any location within the
canceled protected territory.

BHHS – FDD (5012023)
With or without a protected territory, you may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control
or that are otherwise controlled by our affiliates. You will only make referrals from the geographic
areas reasonably serviced by your Locations and Restricted Purpose Locations and you will not
seek to develop referrals originating outside such areas for properties located outside such areas.
BHHS has the right to grant waivers to this prohibition.  BHHS may, in its sole judgment,
periodically specify areas that are not reasonably serviced by your Locations and Restricted
Purpose Locations.
We and our affiliates reserve all rights that we do not grant to you, including the unconditional
right in all circumstances to own, operate, franchise or license, or in any other manner authorize
the location and operation, of other real estate brokerage businesses through any other means
available.  For example, we reserve the right for ourselves and our affiliates to use other channels
of distribution such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, either
under the “Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices” service marks or other names or marks, in your
area.  We do not have to pay any compensation for soliciting or accepting business utilizing these
methods.
If you desire to relocate your Location, or any Additional Location or Restricted Purpose Location,
you must request our consent at least 30 days before the desired date of relocation.  We reserve
the right to approve or disapprove of your request in our discretion.  Factors we will consider
include the location of the proposed new site, the proximity of the new site to other existing BHHS
Brokerages, and whether you are in default of any of your obligations under your Franchise
Agreement.
A number of our affiliates operate franchise systems offering real estate brokerage franchises under
other names.  Each of these affiliates is operated separately.  Their franchisees may operate in your
area.
Real Living Real Estate, LLC operates the “Real Living Real Estate” real estate brokerage
franchise system.  Its principal business address is 18500 Von Karman Avenue, Suite 400, Irvine,
California 92612.
BHH Iowa Affiliates, LLC (“BIA”) is the franchisor of the “Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices”
franchisees in the state of Iowa with its head office located at 18500 Von Karman Ave., Ste. 400,
Irvine, CA 92612.  We provide the franchisor services under those franchise agreements pursuant
to a service agreement we entered into with BIA.
Ebby Halliday Alliance, LLC operates the “Ebby Halliday” real estate brokerage franchise system
primarily in the states of Oklahoma and Texas, USA. Its principal business address is 4455 Sigma
Dallas, TX 75244.
Reece & Nichols Alliance, Inc. operates the “Reece & Nichols Realtors” real estate brokerage
franchise system.  Its principal business address is 11601 Granada Lane, Leawood, Kansas 66211.
Roy H. Long Realty Company, Inc. operates the “Long Realty” real estate brokerage franchise
system.  Its principal business address is 900 E. River Road, Suite 100, Tucson, Arizona 85718.

BHHS – FDD (5012023)
Iowa Realty Co., Inc. operates the “Iowa Realty” real estate brokerage franchise system.  Its
principal business address is 3501 Westown Parkway, West Des Moines, Iowa 50266.
Intero Franchise Services, Inc. is the franchising affiliate of Intero Real Estate Services, Inc., and
franchises real estate brokerages using the “Intero Real Estate” and “Intero Resorts” service marks.
Intero Franchise Services, Inc. has offered franchises since June 2007.  Its principal business
address is 10275 North DeAnza Blvd., Cupertino, California 95014.
No HomeServices of America, Inc. Product or Service
The grant of a franchise does not entitle you to any relationship with HomeServices of America,
Inc. or other present and future affiliates of HomeServices of America, Inc.

BHHS – FDD (5012023)