ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You will be permitted to operate your Center at a specific location acceptable to us. Although we must
accept your proposed site, the ultimate decision and final responsibility on whether to accept your Center’s
site and premises lease are yours. Our acceptance will be based upon various factors, including visibility
and accessibility, demographics, proximity to other Centers, traffic patterns, parking, size, physical
characteristics of existing buildings and lease terms. You may not relocate the Center without our prior
written consent, which we may grant or withhold as we deem best based on the particular circumstances
and what is in the Center’s and our system’s best interests. Factors include, for example, the proposed
market area, market positioning, its proximity to other Centers, whether you are complying with your
Franchise Agreement, whether you properly de-identify the old Center, and how long it will take you to
open the new Center.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
Your Franchise Agreement will have an attached map and written description that will describe a
geographic area surrounding your Center (your “Territory”). There is no minimum territory size we grant
you. Your Territory size depends on market factors in the area. We will establish your Territory’s
boundaries before you sign your Franchise Agreement. Boundary lines extend only to the middle of the
boundary line of demarcation, e.g., to the middle of a street or highway, and another Center may be located
on the boundary line but outside your Territory. We may modify your Territory in our sole and absolute
discretion when the agreement is transferred or renewed or if you relocate the Center during the franchise
term. There are no restrictions on your soliciting or accepting orders from consumers outside your Territory.
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. This is the case,
in part, because we have the right to establish Non-Traditional sites in your Territory (see discussion below).
During your Franchise Agreement term:
a.
Except as set forth below (and more specifically in Section 1.2 of the Franchise Agreement), neither
TUPSS or its Affiliates will own or operate a Center (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) nor
license or franchise others to do so at any site located within your franchise Territory (as defined
in the Franchise Agreement).
b.
Subject to “Franchisee’s Right of First Refusal for Non-Traditional Site Development,” we or our
Affiliates may own or operate, or license or franchise others to own or operate, Centers at Non-
Traditional sites (as defined in the Franchise Agreement) anywhere within your franchise Territory
and regardless of the proximity to your Center (subject to limitations set forth in Section 1.3 of the
Franchise Agreement). (For details regarding your “Right of First Refusal for Non-Traditional Site
Development,” see Section 1.3 of the Franchise Agreement. For information about our franchise
offering for Centers to be located at Non-Traditional sites, see our Non-Traditional FDD).
c.
We reserve for ourselves (and for our Designees) the exclusive, unrestricted right to produce,
franchise, license, sell, distribute and market any products or services (under any brands, including
our trademarks) from any Retail Outlets (including Traditional Centers or Non-Traditional sites)
the physical premises of which are located outside your franchise Territory, regardless of (i) the
Retail Outlet’s proximity to your Center, or (ii) whether or not such products or services are
purchased by customers whose residences or places of business are located within your Territory.
d.
We expressly reserve (for ourselves and our Designees) the exclusive, unrestricted right to sell,
distribute and market any products or services (under any brands, including our trademarks) to
customers (wherever located) through all Retail Outlets and other distribution channels physically
located or otherwise operating within or outside the Territory (but not through Traditional Centers
the physical premises of which are located within the Territory). For example, we (and our
Designees) may utilize the following alternative channels or methods of distribution under this
provision: the Internet and other electronic communications methods, mail order catalogs, direct
mail advertising, and telemarketing. In addition, we, UPS, and UPS’ other operating subsidiaries
have the right to sell UPS products and services through customer counters, air service counters,
drop boxes, and independently-owned businesses (Commercial Mail Receiving Agency
(“CMRA”) and non-CMRA) that also function as authorized shipping outlets but do not operate
under the System, whether such alternative channels or methods of distribution are physically
located or otherwise operating within or outside the Territory.
e.
TUPSS and its Affiliates may, without any restrictions whatsoever, engage in any other activities
they desire within or outside your franchise Territory that are not specifically prohibited above or
elsewhere in your Franchise Agreement, including the activities described in Sections 1.2 (c) and
(d) of your Franchise Agreement.
TRAD. FDD 04/24/2024
ACTIVE\1606963190.2
We need not compensate you if we engage in any of the activities described above. Continuation of your
territorial rights described above does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume, market
penetration, or other contingency. We have the right to modify your Territory’s boundaries upon a transfer
or renewal of your Franchise Agreement or if you relocate the Center during the franchise term. Except as
described above, you have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional
franchises. We may allow you, in our sole and absolute discretion, to operate a permanent or temporary
kiosk location at any location so long as it is not within another franchisee’s territory. STR from such kiosk
locations is subject to the same fees as your Center and transactions from such locations must be reported
through your Center.
Except for renewal franchises and purchasers of existing franchised Centers, you are (subject to our prior
written approval) permitted to enter into a Center Option Agreement (see Exhibit 2) with us. In exchange
for an option fee, you (the option holder) receive a protected option territory. Not all option holders become
franchisees. This Center Option Agreement does not grant you any protected territory to operate a Center.
If you (as option holder) did effectively exercise your option, you would sign a Franchise Agreement with
a defined franchise Territory (see above). Your Franchise Agreement’s territory would not necessarily
match your option territory. In fact, it is likely that your franchise territory would be significantly smaller
than your option territory.