ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that We own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that We control.
We and any of Our affiliates reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the
Internet, online web stores, social media and other electronic channels, retail, catalog sales,
telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales methods, to make sales within Your Operating
Territory using Our principal trademarks. We and Our affiliates also may make sales within Your
Operating Territory of products or services under trademarks the same or different from the ones
You will use under the Franchise License Agreement, other trade names, service marks and
commercial symbols, all without compensation.
We may establish other franchised or company owned locations that may compete with or have
an economic impact on Your Franchise location. We may license others to offer or perform the
same or similar services in Your Operating Territory and may include all or a portion of Your
Operating Territory in the Operating Territory of other franchisees of Ours (overlap).
A designated Franchise operating territory generally contains 50,000 to 80,000 in population. A
larger territory may be allowed under exceptional circumstances (e.g., densely populated urban
areas or a high percentage of the prospective territory is impoverished). The population in Your
Operating Territory is determined by using census tracts information from the Census Bureau and
Nielsen projections. You do not receive options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire
additional franchises within or near any particular area. You are not permitted to relocate Your
franchise Operating Territory.  As described in Item 5, We may establish “non-traditional”
Franchises, including downtown areas.
We publish a Territorial Policy, which is attached to this disclosure document as Exhibit D, which
limits the geographical area and manner in which You may offer, solicit, advertise, and perform
the services of the Franchise and Your business location. You may only offer, solicit, advertise,
and perform services inside or outside of Your designated Operating Territory in accordance with
Our Territorial Policy. Your business location and mailing address must be located in Your
Operating Territory. You may only use business telephone and fax numbers with area codes that
are within and service a substantial portion of Your Operating Territory. All telephone numbers
remain Our property. Under Our Territorial Policy, in certain circumstances You may be required
to pay a fee to another franchisee based on a percentage of the gross billed price of the job if You
perform work in another franchisee’s Operating Territory. In some circumstances, You may be
entitled to receive a fee from another franchisee who performs work in Your Operating Territory.
You may be required to refer work to the franchisee in whose Operating Territory the job is located
in return for a referral fee based on a percentage of the gross billed price of the work. Under
certain conditions, You may be allowed to perform work in other franchisees’ territories without
paying any commission or referral fee. You may qualify to receive job leads from the Servpro Call
Center outside of Your Operating Territory. We may impose conditions for receiving such
UNIT FTC-04/15/2024
SERVPRO
ACTIVE\1606810595.2
assignments, on a non-permanent basis, although We have no obligation to refer such job leads.
Such conditions may include qualifying and paying a fee or competitive bidding. We may modify
Our Territorial Policy from time to time in Our sole discretion. We may make modifications that
apply only to specific situations or specific franchisees when We deem it necessary to promote
the goals of the System or Territorial Policy. We could choose to discontinue Our Territorial Policy.
We will modify and amend the Territorial Policy in Our sole discretion, usually annually. We advise
that each Franchise should concentrate its efforts on developing and performing work within its
Operating Territory. You must abide by Our Territorial Policy.
You do not have the right to purchase, and We do not have the obligation to sell You, additional
new Servpro franchises; in addition, You do not have the right to purchase, and We do not have
the obligation to permit You to purchase, existing franchises being sold by other existing
franchisees (resales). We will apply Our then-current criteria in a consistent manner in the event
You wish to do either, which criteria We establish, modify and revise from time to time in Our sole
discretion. The acquisition of second and subsequent Servpro franchises or any ownership
interest in such franchises is subject to volume requirements, equipment, personnel and other
requirements as set forth in Our then-current qualification guides. We have resale guides for
existing franchisees purchasing additional license resales and for reselling Servpro franchises to
first-time Servpro owners. The renewal of any such approved additional acquisitions is also
subject to the Addendum to Franchise License Agreement – volume renewal requirements for
additional acquisitions.
Our process for assigning zip codes, including zip codes in Open Territories (outside the
Operating Territory of any Servpro franchisee), and the determination of which franchises are
eligible for assignment of zip codes may be modified from time to time in Our sole discretion.