ITEM 12

TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  Upon
renewal, we reserve the right to terminate, revise or otherwise modify the Franchised Area offered to you for
the Restaurant.
Single Store Development Program.  If you sign a Single Store Development Agreement in connection
with the Single Store Development Program, we will assign you a trade area (which may be limited to a single
address) in which you will find a single location and then seek our approval of that location for development
of a Restaurant in accordance with our Development Approval Procedures.  During the 240 days after we sign
the Single Store Development Agreement, you will have the right to propose a Restaurant in a Traditional
Venue (i.e., not a Restaurant that is located within another primary business or in conjunction with other
businesses or at institutional settings such as schools, colleges and universities, military and other

IHOP-TR FDD – 03/24

governmental facilities, hospitals, airports, highway rest stops, toll roads, hotels, motels, arenas, travel plazas,
office or in-plant food facilities, supermarkets, grocery stores or convenience stores, casinos, stadiums,
shopping malls and any other site, venue or location operated by a master concessionaire or contract food
service provider in the assigned trade area) and enter into a Franchise Agreement if the site is approved by us.
Multi-Store Development Program.  Under the Multi-Store Development Program, you are granted
the right to develop and operate IHOP Restaurants in a specified Development Area which may be one or more
cities, counties, states, or some other defined area.  If and only if the Multi-Store Development Agreement
provides you with exclusivity (which it may or may not do), except for Non-Traditional Venues (which such
opportunities IHOP may first offer you under certain limited circumstances if the Non-Traditional Venue is in
your Development Area (as more completely described in the Multi-Store Development Agreement)) and
Other IHOP Concepts (as defined below), during the term of the Multi-Store Development Agreement, IHOP
may not own, operate or franchise or license any other IHOP Restaurants in the Development Area unless
either (x) the Restaurant was already in existence at the time the Multi-Store Development Agreement was
entered into or, subject to other restrictions, (y) the Restaurant serves as a replacement restaurant for a
Restaurant that was already in existence at the time the Multi-Store Development Agreement was entered into
and such replacement restaurant is located within the original Restaurant’s Franchised Area. Until the
termination or expiration of the Multi-Store Development Agreement, you shall retain your right to develop in
the Development Area if you comply with your development and other obligations under the Multi-Store
Development Agreement.  If you fail to meet any of your obligations under the Multi-Store Development
Agreement, including the development obligations, or if you breach any Franchise Agreement signed by you
pursuant to the Multi-Store Development Agreement, or any other Multi-Store Development Agreement or
Single Store Development Agreement with IHOP, IHOP may terminate your right to develop, open and operate
new IHOP Restaurants in the Development Area.  Termination of the right to develop the Development Area
will not terminate any territorial rights relating to the Franchised Area granted under the Franchise Agreements
then in effect between you and IHOP.  “Other IHOP Concepts” means restaurants which: (a) feature self-serve
or counter service and not full table service, (b) have a different or more limited menu than that offered at an
IHOP Restaurant, even though that menu may include pancakes and certain other authorized menu items
authorized at IHOP Restaurants, and (c) operate under a principal name and mark different from “IHOP” or
“International House of Pancakes” but which may include “IHOP” or “International House of Pancakes”
together with an additional prefix or suffix, such as and including “IHOP Express.”
Under the Multi-Store Development Program only, the continuation of your right to develop in the
Development Area is dependent upon your compliance with your development and other obligations under the
Multi-Store Development Agreement, and all other agreements with IHOP, as described above.
Franchised Area.  If you sign a Franchise Agreement under the Single Store Development, Multi-Store
Development, or Purchase Programs, you are granted a franchise to operate one Restaurant at a specific
Franchised Location which is agreed upon at the time of the execution of the Franchise Agreement.  So long
as franchisee is compliant with the terms of the Franchise Agreement, IHOP will not own, operate, franchise
or license another Traditional Venue IHOP Restaurant within an exclusive area surrounding the Restaurant
(the “Franchised Area”).  The geographic scope of the Franchised Area will be determined based on computer
modeling conducted by IHOP utilizing a proprietary program which evaluates factors including geo-
demographic information about the individuals who work and reside in proximity to the Restaurant location,
established drive times for IHOP customers, natural barriers and traffic patterns.  We cannot provide any
assurance as to the size or shape of the Franchised Area, as it may vary significantly depending on the above
referenced factors.  IHOP reserves the right to own, operate, franchise and license Restaurants or other business
concepts operating under names other than International House of Pancakes or IHOP, to own, operate,
franchise and license IHOP Restaurants in Non-Traditional Venues (as defined in the Franchise Agreement),
Other IHOP Concepts, and to produce, franchise, license, distribute and market products at or through any
Alternative Distribution Channels (as defined in the Franchise Agreement), regardless of the proximity to your
Restaurant or location within the Franchised Area; provided, that, our current form franchise agreement

IHOP-TR FDD – 03/24

provides that we will not develop full-service, full-menu non-traditional IHOP restaurants in travel plazas,
truck stops, and convenience stores within 5 miles of the Restaurant.  A map of the Franchised Area will be
attached to the Franchise Agreement as Exhibit A before its execution.  You are free to advertise for customers,
wherever located, but all advertising must be approved by IHOP.  Unless approved in writing by IHOP, you
will not have the right to use other channels of distributions, such as the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing
or other direct marketing, to make sales outside your territory.  You have no option, right of first refusal or
similar right to acquire additional franchises within the Franchised Area or any other areas.  You will not have
a right to relocate the Restaurant to any other location.  If the Restaurant is closed due to governmental action,
your death or disability, or force majeure, as provided for in Section 12.01(d) of the Franchise Agreement, and
unrelated to a breach by you, you may continue business at the Franchised Location once the Restaurant is
again operational.
Continuation of the exclusivity in the Franchised Area as described above is not dependent upon
achievement of any particular sales volume, market penetration or other contingency and those rights may not
be altered except by mutual written agreement as long as you faithfully perform and observe all of the
obligations and conditions to be performed and observed by you under the Franchise Agreement.
Development Impact Assistance Program.  In addition to the rights described above, IHOP currently
has an internal Development Impact Assistance Program (the “Impact Policy”) which provides certain
financial support to an existing Restaurant (the “Affected Restaurant”) under certain circumstances if the
Franchise Agreement for the Affected Restaurant was executed prior to April 1, 2013 and you open a
Restaurant at a site which is: (i) within five miles of the Affected Restaurant; or (ii)  adjacent to an interstate
highway or freeway, within 10 minutes driving time at the posted speed limit from the Affected Restaurant.  If
the Impact Policy applies, we will not grant you a franchise for the new Restaurant unless you agree to
reimburse IHOP for any financial support it pays to the owner of the Affected Restaurant under the Impact
Policy.  The total amount of financial support that will be provided to the owner of the Affected Restaurant
will be determined by IHOP based on a combination of factors, including but not limited to, a review of the
relevant market, information from you and the owner of the Affected Restaurant, input from IHOP’s personnel,
and any relevant impact study.  At the close of each full calendar quarter for the 12 consecutive quarters
following the opening of your Restaurant, the Affected Franchisee will be entitled to receive a credit against
its general account balance equal to a portion of the financial support.  50% of the financial support will be
credited in equal amounts for quarters one through four.  30% of the financial support will be credited in equal
amounts for quarters five through eight.  20% of the financial support will be credited in equal amounts for
quarters nine through 12.  You will be fully informed about all reimbursement amounts you may be required
to pay us before you are required to decide to execute your Franchise Agreement.
The Impact Policy is a program unilaterally accorded by IHOP to its franchisees as it may be in effect
from time to time but it does not grant you any contractual rights or entitlements, nor does it amend your
Franchise Agreement, and it is subject to termination, revision or withdrawal by IHOP in its sole and absolute
discretion at any time or times, without notice.  A copy of our current policy is attached as Exhibit Q.
IHOP or one or more IHOP affiliates have in the past and may in the future, acquire other chains, or
establish other franchises or company-owned outlets, which sell similar products or services under a different
trade name or trademark.  As discussed in Item 1 of this Disclosure Document, IHOP’s affiliate, Applebee’s
(or its affiliate), currently operates and franchises Restaurants under the trade name “Applebee’s Neighborhood
Grill & Bar.”  Additionally, IHOP’s affiliate, Fuzzy’s Taco Opportunities, LLC (or its affiliate) currently
operates and franchises restaurants under the trade name “Fuzzy’s Taco Shop.” There is no restriction on these
affiliates or their franchisees from developing restaurants of their systems (currently “Applebee’s
Neighborhood Grill & Bar” brand Restaurants and “Fuzzy’s Taco Shop” brand restaurants) or other
Restaurants that sell similar products or services unless under a different trade name or trademarks or soliciting
customers near any IHOP Restaurant, nor is IHOP or its franchisees restricted from operating IHOP
Restaurants or soliciting customers near any Applebee’s brand Restaurant or Fuzzy’s Taco Shop brand

IHOP-TR FDD – 03/24

restaurant.  We do not expect that there will be material conflicts between these systems regarding territory,
customers or franchisor support.  The principal business address for the Applebee’s operations is 10 West
Walnut Street, Pasadena, California 91103, and the principal business address for the Fuzzy’s Taco Shop
chain’s operations is 4200 Regent Boulevard, Suite C-210, Irving, Texas 75063.

Other IHOP Concepts.  Within the category of “Other IHOP Concepts,” IHOP franchises and may
operate a business under a different trademark.  Specifically, IHOP developed and tested a system for operating
restaurants that fit within the definition of “Other IHOP Concepts” under the name “flip’d by IHOP”.  IHOP
began its test or pilot program for such restaurants during calendar 2022 and ended such test or pilot program
in 2023.  As of the date of issuance of this Disclosure Document, there is a single franchised “flip’d by IHOP”
restaurant in operation.