ITEM 12
TERRITORY

Development Agreement:


Under the Development Agreement, you are assigned a Territory where you have to develop a pre-
determined number of Restaurants in accordance with a specified development schedule which will be
listed in Section III of the Development Agreement and agreed to before it is signed (the “Development
Schedule”).  The size of the Territory may be an Area of Dominant Influence or “ADI,” a single or multi-
county area, single state area or some other area, and will be described in Section I.A. of the Development
Agreement.  We will determine the Territory before you sign the Development Agreement based on various
market and economic factors such as those described above regarding the Primary Area of Responsibility.
We must approve the location of the Restaurants to be developed under the Development Agreement, and
will determine the Primary Area of Responsibility for those Restaurants, under our then-current standards
for determining locations and a Primary Area of Responsibility.  The terms of the Franchise Agreement and
the Manuals describe our then-current site selection guidelines for Restaurants.


Except as stated below, if you are in compliance with the Development Agreement, we will not
establish or authorize any other person or entity, other than you, to establish a Restaurant within the
Territory during the term of the Development Agreement.  We, any of our franchisees, and any other
authorized person or entity may, at any time, advertise and promote the System in your Territory.  We may
also offer and sell and authorize others to offer and sell:  (i) collateral products under the Marks, at or from
any location, such as pre-packaged food or beverage products and FIVE GUYS® memorabilia, (ii) food and
beverage services under the Marks at or through any FIVE GUYS® Restaurant or other permanent,
temporary or seasonal food service facility providing in whole or in part the products and services offered
by a Restaurant in any Reserved Area (as defined above) within the Territory; and (iii) any products or food
and beverage services under any other names and marks, without compensating you.  You will not receive
an exclusive Territory under the Development Agreement.  You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.


You must exercise the development rights only by entering into a separate Franchise Agreement
with us for each Restaurant.  We may, in our discretion, permit you to exercise the development rights
through affiliated entities that are either your wholly owned subsidiaries or commonly controlled entities
with ownership identical to yours.  The Franchise Agreement to be signed for the first Restaurant you
develop under the Development Agreement must be signed and delivered to us under the Development
Schedule and will be in the form of the Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document.  All
additional Restaurants developed under the Development Agreement must be established and operated
FIVE GUYS 2024 FDD
under our form of Franchise Agreement then being used by us for new franchised Restaurants.  The then-
current form of Franchise Agreement may differ from the form attached to this Disclosure Document.
To maintain your rights within the Territory under the Development Agreement, you must adhere
to the Development Schedule set forth in Attachment C to your Development Agreement.  You must open
each Restaurant developed and begin business in accordance with the Development Schedule, unless you
obtain an extension of the Development Period (as defined in the Development Agreement), at the
expiration of which, you were to have had a Restaurant open and in operation.  You may, subject to our
approval, purchase from us extensions of the Development Period as may be necessary to complete
construction and begin operation of the Restaurant.  Each extension will be for an additional 90-day period
beginning on the expiration of the applicable Development Period, including any previous extensions
(“Extension Date”).  No more than 2 extensions of any Development Period will be permitted.  If we grant
an extension of a Development Period, the opening date of your Restaurant will be extended to the
Extension Date.  No extension of any Development Period will affect the duration of any other
Development Period or any of your other development obligations.  If an extension is requested in the final
Development Period, the term of the Development Agreement will be extended to the Extension Date, and
you will have no further rights under the Development Agreement.
For any Restaurant that you will be unable to complete construction of and begin operating by the
expiration date of the Development Period (as defined in the Development Agreement) in which the
Restaurant was to have been opened, you must notify us in writing at least 60 days before the projected
opening date for such Restaurant.  You must include in the notice a description of the reasons for the failure
to develop in a timely manner and the expected date of completion of construction and opening.  No
extension fee will be charged for any Restaurant for which we have accepted a site in accordance with the
Franchise Agreement and you have begun construction, as defined in the Franchise Agreement.
If you fail to open a Restaurant in compliance with the Development Schedule as required in the
Development Agreement, or otherwise commit a material event of default under the Development
Agreement as described in Item 17 and above, we may, in addition to our other remedies, terminate or
modify your territorial rights, reduce the area of territorial rights, reduce the number of Restaurants that you
may establish, or accelerate the development schedule under the Development Agreement.
Franchise Agreement:
The Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate a Restaurant at a single location that you
select within the assigned area and that we approve (“Primary Area of Responsibility”).  We will
designate the Primary Area of Responsibility for each Restaurant under the Franchise Agreement.  The
Franchise Agreement and the Manuals describe our then-current site selection guidelines for each
Restaurant. Attachment A to the Franchise Agreement lists the specific street address of the accepted
location (“Accepted Location”).  You must operate the Restaurant only at this Accepted Location and may
not relocate the Restaurant without first obtaining our written consent.  You may not establish or operate
another Restaurant unless you enter into a separate Franchise Agreement and, in certain cases, a
Development Agreement.
During the term of the Franchise Agreement, if you are in compliance with the Franchise
Agreement, we will not establish a Restaurant or authorize any other person or entity to establish a
Restaurant within your Primary Area of Responsibility.  Your Primary Area of Responsibility will be
described in Attachment A to the Franchise Agreement and is your exclusive territory.  It will generally
consist of the contiguous property, controlled by the landlord, in which the Restaurant is located, such as
the shopping mall, strip mall, university campus, or hospital.  Your Primary Area of Responsibility may be
limited to the specific physical space occupied by the Restaurant.
In the event your Primary Area of Responsibility is limited to only the specific physical space
occupied by the Restaurant, you will not be receiving an exclusive territory. In those cases, you may face

FIVE GUYS 2024 FDD
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control.


We will determine the Primary Area of Responsibility before the Franchise Agreement is signed
based on various market and economic factors such as an evaluation of market demographics, the market
penetration of the franchise system and similar businesses, the availability of appropriate sites and the
growth trends in the market.  If permitted, any delivery or catering business that you or any of our other
franchisees engage in may be conducted both within and outside of your or their Primary Area of
Responsibility.


We may also offer and sell and authorize others to offer and sell:  (i) collateral products under the
Marks, at or from any location, such as pre-packaged food or beverage products and FIVE GUYS®
memorabilia, (ii) food and beverage services under the Marks at or through any FIVE GUYS® Restaurant
or other permanent, temporary or seasonal food service facility providing in whole or in part the products
and services offered by a FIVE GUYS® Restaurant in any Reserved Area (as defined below), and (iii) any
products or food and beverage services under any other names and marks.  A “Reserved Area” is defined
as all airports, sporting arenas and stadiums, and United States Department of Defense locations, military
installations and other federal government agencies (including Navy, Marine Corp, Army and Air Force
bases and exchange service facilities).  However, you may pursue, on a non-exclusive basis, opportunities
to operate a Restaurant in an airport, sporting arena, or stadium located within the geographic borders of
your Primary Area of Responsibility if you have secured all required permits and approvals from the
necessary authorities.  After you have secured such permits and approvals, we may approve of your
proposed location on the same terms and conditions as we would for a location outside of a Reserved Area.


You may sell our proprietary products and related merchandise to retail customers and prospective
retail customers who live anywhere but who choose to dine in your Restaurant.  You may not engage in
any promotional activities or sell our proprietary products or similar products or services, whether directly
or indirectly, through or on the Internet, the World Wide Web, or any other similar proprietary or common
carrier electronic delivery system; through catalogs or other mail order devices sent or directed to customers
or prospective customers located anywhere; or by telecopy or other telephonic or electronic
communications, including toll-free numbers, directed to or received from customers or prospective
customers located anywhere.  You may not place advertisements in printed media and on television and
radio that are targeted to customers and prospective customers located outside of your Primary Area of
Responsibility.  You may not sell our proprietary products to any business or other customer for resale
(excluding sales to other Restaurants).


Although we have never engaged in such commercial activities in the past, we and our affiliates
reserve the right to sell products under the Marks within and outside your Primary Area of Responsibility
through any method of distribution other than a dedicated Restaurant, including sales through such channels
of distribution as the Internet, temporary kiosks, grocery store offerings, or other manners of direct
distribution (together, “Alternative Distribution Channels”).  You may not use Alternative Distribution
Channels to make sales outside or inside your Primary Area of Responsibility except as described in the
following paragraph, and you will not receive any compensation for our sales (i.e. soliciting or accepting
orders) from inside your Primary Area of Responsibility through Alternative Distribution Channels, except
as described in the following paragraph.


If we engage in electronic commerce through any Internet, World Wide Web or other computer
network site or sell through any other Alternative Distribution Channel, and we receive orders for any
proprietary products or other products offered by a Restaurant calling for delivery or performance in your
Primary Area of Responsibility, then we will offer the order to you at the price we establish.  If you choose
not to fulfill the order or are unable to do so, then we, one of our affiliates or a third party we designate
(including another franchisee) may fulfill the order, and you will not be entitled to any compensation in
connection with this.  This electronic commerce program has not yet been instituted.

FIVE GUYS 2024 FDD
We have not yet established other franchises or company-owned outlets or another distribution
channel selling or leasing similar products or services under a different trademark.  We describe earlier in
this Item 12 what we may do anywhere and at any time.
Except for the Restaurants operated by our affiliates, neither we nor any parent or affiliate has
established, or presently intends to establish, other franchised or company-owned Restaurants which sell
our proprietary products or services under a different trade name or trademark, but we reserve the right to
do so in the future, without first obtaining your consent.
There are no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises within
the Primary Area of Responsibility or in any contiguous territories.
*  *  *  *  *
Except as stated above, the territorial rights granted to you under the Franchise Agreement or the
Development Agreement are not dependent on the achievement of a certain sales volume, market
penetration or other contingency.  Also, except as stated above, the Territory may not be altered before the
Development Agreement expires or terminates.
Except as described above, we generally do not grant any right of first refusal to obtain additional
Restaurant locations.  If you wish to obtain an additional location, you must either have entered into a
Development Agreement that grants you the right to establish more than one Restaurant or enter into a
separate Franchise Agreement for the additional location.
We do not currently operate, franchise, or conduct business through Alternative Channels of
Distribution offering products or services similar to those offered by the Restaurant under different marks.
There are, however, no restrictions in either the Franchise Agreement or Development Agreement that
would restrict our ability to do so.
There are no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises within
the territory or in any contiguous territories.