Item 12

TERRITORY

Franchise Agreement and Successor Franchise Agreement


Except for your right to operate a Denny’s restaurant at or from the premises of the res-
taurant, you do not receive any exclusive territory or the territorial rights under the franchise agree-
ment.  Except as describe in the franchise agreement, there are not restrictions on us or our affil-
iates from soliciting or accepting orders from consumers inside your trade area.


You are required to operate the restaurant only at the location we have approved.  You
may not operate the restaurant or offer or sell any products or services at or from any location
other than the approved location, though you may make off-site sales within an area we designate
if we approve or require you to do so, as described below.


We may open or franchise new restaurants near your restaurant without giving you the first
right to open them, or paying you any compensation.  Other affiliate-owned or franchised restau-
rants near your restaurant that are already in existence or opened later under franchise agree-
ments may also (i) compete directly with you, (ii) provide goods or services in close proximity to
your restaurant without compensating you, and (iii) possibly adversely affect the operation of your
restaurant.


Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate
or franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services
similar to those that our franchisees sell.  However, our affiliates described in Item 1 and other
portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by use or our affiliates may
operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that our fran-
chisees sell.


If you wish to develop additional restaurants, you must meet expansion criteria (operation,
financial, and legal) we establish from time to time and present to us a potential restaurant site for
our approval.  (See Item 11.)  A separate franchise agreement must be signed for each restaurant
site.


Your franchise agreement does not have any rights to relocate the restaurant.  If all or part
of the restaurant is taken by condemnation, we may terminate your franchise agreement effective
on the date of condemnation.  (See Franchise Agreement Section 21.6.)

FLIP Development Agreement


If you sign a FLIP Development Agreement (FLIP), your agreement will contain an exclu-
sive agreement granting you the right to develop and open a specified number of restaurants
within a designated geographical area(s) set out in Exhibit A to the development agreement (a
"Territory").  Territories may range in size from an area within a radius of a specified intersection
to an entire DMA or larger areas.  We must approve each proposed site within the Territory.  Ex-
hibit B of the development agreement (the “Development Schedule”) sets benchmarks and a re-
quired opening date for each new restaurant.  The term of the development agreement generally
begins on the date the development agreement is signed and terminates on the earlier of the
opening of the last Denny's restaurant required under the Development Schedule or a termination
of the development agreement, due to failure to meet the Development Schedule or other reasons.

LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024

Under FLIP you will commit to opening a specific number of restaurants and meet devel-
opment benchmarks for each restaurant.  If you open the restaurant(s) on time, we will contribute
to you a development incentive to be paid through your Payment Card Agreement (Exhibit J).
Your development incentive will be reduced by the amount of your initial franchise fee and any
New Restaurant Opening (NRO) (Item 11) fee.  If the development incentive is less than the initial
franchise fee and NRO fee, you will pay the balance to us. For example:  If the development
incentive for a restaurant is $200,000, the initial franchise fee is $30,000, and the NRO fee is
$36,000, then we will contribute $134,000 to you.  If the development incentive for a restaurant is
$50,000, the initial franchise fee is $30,000, and the NRO fee is $36,000, then we will contribute
$0 to you and you will remain liable for $16,000 under the applicable franchise agreement.


The development incentive amount varies by development market.  See Exhibit I-2a.


You may lose exclusivity if you open any restaurant more than thirty (30) days late.


In addition to losing exclusivity, the development incentive amount may be reduced by ten
percent (10%) every thirty (30) days if you open a restaurant more than thirty (30) days after the
due date.  For Example:  If the development incentive is $200,000 and you open the restaurant
thirty-one (31) to sixty (60) days late, then you may lose exclusivity under FLIP and your develop-
ment incentive may be reduced by up to $20,000 or 10% to $180,000.  If you open the same
restaurant sixty-one (61) to ninety (90) days late, then you may lose exclusivity and the develop-
ment incentive may be reduced by up to $40,000 or 20% to $160,000.  Likewise, if you open the
same restaurant ninety-one (91) to one hundred twenty (120) days late, then you may lose exclu-
sivity and the development incentive will be reduced by $60,000 or 30% to $140,000.

H2.0-DA (Development Agreement)


If you sign an H2.0-DA, your agreement will contain an exclusive agreement granting you
the right to develop and open a specified number of restaurants within a designated geographical
area(s) set out in Exhibit Q to the development agreement (a "Territory").  Territories may range
in size from an area within a radius of a specified intersection to an entire DMA or larger areas.
We must approve each proposed site within the Territory.  Exhibit A of the development agreement
(the “Development Schedule”) sets a required opening date for each new restaurant.  The term of
the development agreement generally begins on the date the development agreement is signed
and terminates on the earlier of the opening of the last Denny's restaurant required under the
Development Schedule or a termination of the development agreement, due to failure to meet the
Development Schedule or other reasons.


You must pay a $30,000 deposit upon execution of the H2.0-DA agreement, regardless of
the number of franchises anticipated.  The deposit may be applied toward the initial franchise fee
for the first restaurant developed according to your development commitment.  If you open a res-
taurant at least sixty (60) days before the due date on Exhibit A, we will credit your franchise
finance account $10,000.  If for any reason, the H2.0-DA is terminated prior to opening your first
restaurant, the deposit is forfeited.


The development rights under H2.0-DA is exclusive.  However, we may not grant exclusive
development rights in certain geographical territories, including metropolitan areas, high traffic
zones, and other areas where we seek to maximize development.  Even if we grant you exclusive
development rights, we retain the right to license others, including DI and Denny's franchisees:
(1) to continue to operate Denny's restaurants located within the Territory which are open for busi-
ness on or before the date of the development agreement; (2) to relocate an existing restaurant

LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024
within its trade area; (3) to reopen a closed restaurant within its former trade area; and (4) to
establish Denny’s restaurants outside but in close proximity to the Territory or trade area if we
determine that one restaurant can still be located in the Territory or trade area which will not be
materially, adversely affected by the new restaurants outside the Territory or trade area.  The
territorial rights granted to you are subject to any prior territorial rights of other franchisees,
whether or not currently enforced.  We retain the right to: (a) open and operate Denny's restau-
rants, or franchise or license others to open and operate Denny's restaurants, at all universities,
colleges, hospitals, municipal facilities, public transportation facilities, shopping malls, and similar
nontraditional locations, regardless of location within the Territory or trade area; (b) open and
operate, or franchise or license others to open and operate, nontraditional Denny's restaurants
within the Territory or trade area (e.g., within drug stores, department stores, truck stops/travel
plazas, hotel or motel chains); and (c) open and operate, or franchise or license others to open
and operate, Denny's restaurants located within the Territory or trade area which we or our affili-
ates acquire on or after the date of the development agreement.

Exclusions from Territorial Rights

The Den is our limited service, nontraditional variation of the Denny’s concept, which may
be distinguished from our standard Denny’s restaurant by a unique and modified menu.  This
concept may have limited or no table service.  Customers may order at a counter and seat them-
selves.  To differentiate from a standard Denny’s restaurant, limited service concepts may have
distinct uniforms, POP (point-of-purchase, or in-store marketing materials) specific to the concept,
trade dress, brand representation, and signs.  This concept may appear as a standalone restau-
rant or in a nontraditional location, including without limitation those described in Item 12.  We
reserve the right to develop, or license others to develop limited service concepts as they may
evolve, in any Territory or trade area where traditional restaurants exist or may be developed,
including any exclusive Territory for traditional restaurants.

The Den by Denny’s complements the system of standard Denny's restaurants.  Certain
trade areas should be able to support a standard Denny's plus a Denny's in a nontraditional loca-
tion.  We will continuously monitor the relationship between the various new concepts and stand-
ard Denny's.  If any new concept, as it may develop, does not achieve this objective over time in
our sole judgment, we will revisit the placement of that concept in proximity to standard Denny's
as well as accommodations to allow the formats to coexist.

We have opened units named The Den in nontraditional locations such as college cam-
puses.  Training is conducted through the same organization and structure as for a traditional
Denny’s.

General Provisions of Development Agreements


In addition to the requirement that you comply with all of the terms of the development
agreement, continuation of your development rights is contingent upon: (a) opening the number
of Denny's restaurants as required by the Development Schedule; (b) licensing each Restaurant
by executing our then-current standard franchise agreement for each Restaurant; (c) satisfying all
financial and operational criteria in effect at the time of executing the development agreement
(expandability, See Exhibit B to your development agreement); and (d) maintaining good standing
under all your other agreements with us and our affiliates.


Development schedules are part of every development agreement.  Generally, you must
open one new restaurant every 15-18 months until the required number of restaurants open.  The

LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024
development agreement sets forth the terms under which this schedule can be extended or re-
vised, as well as the consequences of failing to meet the schedule.

H2.0-DA (Development Agreement)


If you execute an H2.0-DA you must pay a development deposit of $30,000, regardless of
the number of restaurants to be developed.  The deposit is due when you sign the H2.0-DA and
is payable in good funds.  The deposit is uniform to all franchisees and is not refundable, in whole
or in part, under any circumstances.  The $30,000 deposit will be applied to the initial franchise
fee of your first restaurant opened under you H2.0-DA.  You will pay $30,000 initial franchise fee
for each restaurant opened under your H2.0-DA.


For each restaurant, if you open that restaurant at lease sixty days before the due date
under your H2.0-DA, you will receive a $10,000 credit toward your franchise finance account.


For each restaurant opened according to its development schedule, you will pay the fol-
lowing Royalties and Brand Building Fund;

Fee
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Years 6 - 20
Royalty
1.5%
2%
2.5%
3.5%
4%
4.5%
Brand
Building
1%
1.5%
2%
2%
2.5%
3%

Scrape and Rebuild / Offset Program.


For any existing restaurant, including a former company restaurant, you may request per-
mission to relocate to a brand new building built in an approved type in the same trade area.  The
proposal may be subject to the process in place at that time for approving a new restaurant, in-
cluding without limitation encroachment impact.  Upon approval and completion of construction,
you will have the right to close the original restaurant and move the Denny's to the new location.
You remain responsible for any obligation under the (Sub)lease for a former company restaurant.
In addition to the foregoing terms, to qualify for the Scrape and Rebuild / Offset Program, you must
not have the original and Rebuild / Offset restaurants open at the same time.  If we deem any
down time between closing and opening to be too long, we may impose requirements such as
training as conditions to reopening.


If you satisfy the requirements of the Scrape and Rebuild / Offset Program, you will receive
a new Franchise Agreement with no initial franchise fee, the term of the new Franchise Agreement
will begin on the Opening Date of the new restaurant.  The term will continue for a full twenty (20)
years from the Opening Date of the Rebuild / Offset Restaurant, unless sooner terminated by us
as provided for in the agreement.  You may carry over any favorable royalty and brand building
percentages for a period of time equal to the balance of the original franchise agreement term.  If
the term of your lease or sublease, if any, for the Restaurant site, including any option periods
contained in said lease or sublease which you exercise, is for less than twenty (20) years, then
you have a good faith obligation to exercise any option periods in said lease or sublease, and the
franchise shall be for a term identical to the term of your lease or sublease, but shall in no event
extend beyond twenty years from the Opening Date of the Offset Restaurant.  Upon expiration or
earlier termination of the Franchise Agreement, you will have no right or option to extend the term
of the franchise.




LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024
Alternative Channels of Distribution

You do not have the right to use alternative channels of distribution (including satellite,
temporary sites, mobile vehicles, carts or kiosks, by use of catalogs, electronic media (such as
the Internet, social media and networking sites and mobile applications including online ordering
applications of an Aggregator), telephone sales and/or direct mail) in connection with offering or
selling the products and services of the System unless otherwise approved by us.
We may require you to offer delivery, take-out, and catering services to customers located
within an area we designate. We have the right to restrict any delivery or catering services to
customers located within the designated area. If we approve or require you to offer and sell prod-
ucts by take-out, catering, or delivery, you must receive our prior written approval in order to par-
ticipate in any online ordering system operated by us or our affiliates or to use any online ordering
system owned or maintained by you, your affiliates, or any third-party supplier of delivery services.
We may authorize you to perform delivery or catering services to customers located out-
side the designated area and may authorize restaurants located outside the designated area,
including Denny’s restaurants operated by us, our affiliates, or other franchisees, to perform de-
livery or catering services to customers located within your designated area. You may compete
with other Denny’s restaurants, including those operated by us, our affiliates, or other franchisees,
for off-site delivery or catering orders, including in the designated area.
New Product Offering Program

We may, from time-to-time, offer to our franchisees the option to participate in New Product
Offering through which franchisees utilize their existing kitchens, equipment and products to offer
certain products under separate marks for take-out or delivery only.  Currently, we offer fran-
chisees the opportunity to participate in The Burger Den and The Meltdown offering.





LLS/FDD dated April 30, 2024