ITEM 12.  TERRITORY
Individual Franchise Agreement
Under the Franchise Agreement, you may only operate your Restaurant at a specific location.  You will typically
receive a “Designated Territory” that will be a 3 mile radius around the location of your Restaurant, which may
be smaller if such area contains a physical or perceived barrier (e.g. a river or a highway), a high population of
people who live or work near that area, if you propose a location which is not a free standing site, and/or does
not have a drive thru, and/or does not have its own dedicated parking lot, or if it contains another existing or
potential trade area.  In determining the number of people that either live or work within a certain area, we use
data provided by Environmental Systems Research Institute and its 2023 demographic estimates that are based
on the 2020 United States Census, a comprehensive list of businesses licensed from Data Axle extracted by
Environmental Systems Research Institute, and demographic data from SiteZeus. Within a major metropolitan
statistical area, if you locate your Restaurant in a high traffic, high density area in which we determine
Culver’s® Restaurants may be established in close proximity to one another, we reserve the right to indicate
your Designated Territory in a manner other than a radius description.  In this instance, a written description or
a map attached to the Franchise Agreement will describe the Designated Territory.  The criteria used for
determining the boundaries of the Designated Territory include the population base, the population density,
growth trends of population, degree of affluence of the population, the density of residential and business
entities and major topographical features which clearly define contiguous areas, like rivers, mountains and
major freeways.  We will not operate or grant franchises to others to operate a full-service Culver’s® Restaurant
in your Designated Territory.  Although we will not operate or franchise another to operate a Culver’s®
Restaurant in your Designated Territory, your Designated Territory may overlap with the designated territory
of another franchisee.
Although we currently do not do so, we reserve the right to distribute products and services through
alternative channels of distribution using the Culver’s® Mark.  We also reserve the right to establish franchised
or company-owned Culver’s® Restaurants anywhere outside your Designated Territory or distribute (directly
or through our affiliates) products and services through alternative channels of distribution selling similar or
other products or services under a trademark different from the Culver’s® Mark.  Neither we nor our affiliates
currently operate or franchise, or have plans to operate or franchise, a business under a different trademark
selling goods or services similar to those the franchise will offer, although we reserve the right to do so in the
future.
Furthermore, we and our affiliates may establish, operate or grant a franchise or license to others to
operate Culver's® Restaurants under the System and the Marks at any “Non-Traditional Location,” as defined
below, within and outside your Designated Territory at any time.  “Non-Traditional Locations” are defined as
locations that we determine have a restricted trade area and include, for example, locations in malls, universities,
schools, hospitals, military bases, casinos, convention centers, arenas, stadiums, airports, health and fitness
63338141v3
2024 Culver’s FDD
facilities, office buildings, theme parks, amusement facilities, toll plazas and other locations that are not located
on the street and the primary trade area generally is restricted to the environment in which the Non-Traditional
Location is located.  Except for the rights granted to you under the Franchise Agreement, we reserve for
ourselves and our affiliates, the right to develop, own, operate and manage food service businesses, including
businesses (i) using the Marks and business systems, and (ii) using other brands and systems, whether or not in
competition with your Restaurant, at locations that we or our affiliates determine, and without any obligation
to grant any rights to you respecting any of them.
You do not need to achieve a certain sales volume or market penetration to retain the Designated
Territory under the Franchise Agreement.  You may relocate the Restaurant only with our written consent,
which we will not unreasonably withhold.
You may advertise outside your Designated Territory and may serve customers residing outside your
Designated Territory.  Likewise, CFS and our Culver’s® franchisees may advertise in your Designated
Territory and may serve customers who reside in your Designated Territory without compensation to you.
You may, only with our advance written consent and only under our written guidelines, sell certain
Culver’s® menu items from authorized locations other than your Restaurant within the Designated Territory.
We may, on 10 days’ written notice, terminate your right to conduct these sales at any time.
Territory Reservation Agreement
We may grant to certain Culver’s® franchisees in good standing under their franchise agreements
expansion rights to develop additional Restaurants within a reserved geographic area (the “Reserved Area”)
under a “Territory Reservation Agreement” in the form attached as Exhibit G to this disclosure document.
Except for Non-Traditional Locations, we will not operate or franchise another to operate a full-service
Culver’s® Restaurant in the Reserved Area so long as you meet our standards for existing Culver’s®
franchisees who wish to open additional Restaurants (including meeting all operational standards in existing
Restaurants), satisfy our minimum financing capability criteria to develop the Restaurant, comply with all other
provisions of the Territory Reservation Agreement and you otherwise comply with the provisions of each
related Franchise Agreement.  We may, however, grant other franchises or develop and operate company or
affiliate owned Culver’s® Restaurants anywhere outside of the Reserved Area, which may result in Designated
Territories that encroach upon your Reserved Area and prevent you from having the ability to locate a
Culver’s® Restaurant within certain areas of your above described Reserved Area, or at Non-Traditional
Locations.  Furthermore, as described above, we have certain rights under the Territory Reservation Agreement
and each Franchise Agreement to sell products and services using the Marks or other marks using similar or
dissimilar channels of distribution in the Reserved Area.
If you qualify and we grant you a Reserved Area under a Territory Reservation Agreement, you can
reserve the right, for 24 months, to develop a Culver’s® Restaurant within a defined trading area.  Before you
request to enter into a Territory Reservation Agreement for an additional Restaurant you must also be the
Operator (as defined in Item 15) of at least one Culver’s® Restaurant that is open and has been open for at least
90 days. As described in Item 6 above, you may request a 6 month extension to the Territory Reservation
Agreement.
Although we have no obligation to do so, we may attempt to notify you if a prospective, new or existing
franchisee is planning to locate outside of but near your Designated Territory.  This does not confer a right for
you to restrict such franchisee from such location, nor a right of first refusal to you.  You do not receive any
rights of first refusal nor any right to acquire additional franchises within or outside of your Designated Territory
unless you sign another franchise agreement with us.
Development Agreement
If you enter into a Development Agreement, you will receive certain protected rights to develop more
than one Restaurant within a designated geographic area (the “Designated Area”) described in Exhibit A
attached to the Development Agreement.  The size of the Designated Area will vary, depending on the number
63338141v3
2024 Culver’s FDD
of Restaurants you intend to open, the population base, the population density, growth trends of the population,
degree of affluence of the population, the density of residential and business entities, and major topographical
features which clearly define contiguous areas, like rivers, mountains and major freeways.  The Designated
Area may be one or more counties in rural areas, and may be a portion of a metropolitan statistical area in
heavily-populated major cities.  We will not operate or franchise another to operate a full-service Culver’s®
Restaurant in the Designated Area so long as you meet the minimum Development Schedule, meet our standards
for existing Culver’s® franchisees who wish to open additional Restaurants (including meeting all operational
standards in existing Restaurants), satisfy our minimum financing capability criteria to develop the Restaurant,
comply with all other provisions of the Development Agreement and you otherwise comply with the provisions
of each related Franchise Agreement.  We may, however, grant other franchises or develop and operate
company or affiliate owned Culver’s® Restaurants anywhere outside of the Designated Area, which may result
in Designated Territories that encroach upon your Designated Area and prevent you from having the ability to
locate a Culver’s® Restaurant within certain areas of your above described Designated Area, or at Non-
Traditional Locations within your Designated Area.  Furthermore, as described above, we have certain rights
under Development Agreement and each Franchise Agreement to sell products and services using the Marks or
other marks using similar or dissimilar channels of distribution in the Designated Area.  If you do not comply
with the Development Schedule and the Development Agreement, we may terminate the Development
Agreement and grant individual or multiple unit rights within the Designated Area to third parties.  As described
in Item 6 above, you may request an extension to the date by which you must open a Store under the
Development Schedule (limited to the period of time we allow, not to exceed 6 months).
Except as described above, you will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
franchise that we control.