ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Development Agreement Provisions. The boundaries of the area in which you may locate your
Restaurant (called the “Development Area”) depend on the population and other demographic features of
the locale in which you want to locate your Restaurant. Your Development Area may range from a sector
of a large metropolitan area to the city or county limits of a smaller municipality.
To begin the process of defining your Development Area, we discuss the general vicinity in
which you want to locate your Restaurant(s). Based on your experience and qualifications, we also
discuss and jointly decide on the number of Restaurants you can develop under your Development
Agreement. We then examine a map of the vicinity and ask you questions about the area’s population and
other demographic characteristics. Based on this information, we identify and describe the boundaries of
an appropriately sized area. This description appears in your Development Agreement as the area inside
which you may locate your Restaurant (or Restaurants). The Development Agreement contains no
provision permitting us to change during its term your Development Area’s boundaries after they are
established (unless you are in default).
The Development Area in all cases excludes any and all Non-Traditional Venues physically
located within the Development Area, meaning that all such Non-Traditional Venues will not be deemed
to be a part of the definition of the Development Area, you may not operate at such Non-Traditional
Venues, and there are no restrictions at all on our activities in or at those Non-Traditional Venues,
including our and our affiliates’ right to operate and grant others the right to engage in foodservice
operations under the Marks at those Non-Traditional Venues. For this reason, you will not receive an
exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from
other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. A “Non-Traditional Venue” means a
hospital or medical center, airport, ghost kitchen, public or private school, university or college campus,
airport terminal, train or bus station, convention center, exhibition hall, amusement park, fairground,


WINGSTOP 2024D (ISSUED MARCH 2024)
ACTIVE\1608033645.2
sports arena, military base, state or national park, hotel, lodge, country club, social club, resort, casino, or
theater.
Whether your Development Agreement covers one or several Restaurants, it will contain a
schedule of the dates by which you must open each Restaurant. The Development Agreement requires
you to sign a separate Franchise Agreement for each Restaurant. While the first Franchise Agreement you
sign will be substantially the same form of Franchise Agreement that was disclosed in the disclosure
document you received before signing the Development Agreement, all additional Franchise Agreements
you sign for additional Wingstop Restaurants will be our then-current form of Franchise Agreement. That
form may differ from the form of Franchise Agreement included in this disclosure document. The
Development Agreement only governs your development rights; it grants no operating rights and is not
the equivalent of a franchise for the Development Area. Your failure to adhere to the Development
Agreement’s development schedule (including any extension approvals you receive), or to adhere to any
time period for developing a replacement Restaurant, will be an event of default under the Development
Agreement. We will accept your proposed Restaurant sites only if they meet then-current Wingstop
standards. Your Trade Area rights under each Franchise Agreement you sign will be the Trade Area rights
we typically grant to franchisees at that time.
While your Development Agreement remains in effect, and assuming you are not in default, we
will not (with one exception) grant anyone else the right to develop or operate a Restaurant in your
Development Area (again, there are no restrictions on us or our affiliates in or at Non-Traditional Venues
physically located in the Development Area). The exception applies if you are a multi-Restaurant operator
and transfer your franchise for an operating Restaurant to a new franchisee (with our written approval). In
that case, we may allow the new franchisee to sign a Development Agreement for more Restaurants in the
Development Area, to develop Special Outlets (defined below) in the Development Area, and to relocate
a Restaurant inside the Development Area.
The competitive protection you enjoy under your Development Agreement relates to Restaurants
(as defined in the Development Agreement). To a lesser extent, it also applies to Special Outlets, which
we define as permanent, temporary, or seasonal booths, kiosks, satellite units, express units, mini-stores,
and similar installations operated under the Wingstop trade name. While your Development Agreement
remains in effect, we will not grant anyone but you the right to develop or operate a Special Outlet in your
Development Area, with one exception (besides what is noted in the previous paragraph). The exception
relates to a Mall, which we define as an assembly of retail establishments housed in a structure that
encloses more than 250,000 square feet of floor space (including common areas) under a single roof. If
the Mall’s owner or manager wants to install a Special Outlet and sets financial, experience, or
organizational standards for an acceptable operator that you do not meet at the time the opportunity arises,
we are free to grant a franchise or license for a Special Outlet in that Mall to whoever satisfies the
owner’s and manager’s standards. In addition, because the Development Area in all cases excludes any
and all Non-Traditional Venues physically located within the Development Area (see above), there are no
restrictions on our and our affiliates’ activities in or at those Non-Traditional Venues.
Your competitive protection as a developer relates only to retail establishments operating under
the Wingstop trade name (with the exceptions noted above); the Development Agreement imposes no
restrictions on our or our affiliates’ right to operate or franchise establishments operating under different
trade names or to offer our proprietary products and Wingstop memorabilia through department stores,
supermarkets, similar establishments, and other distribution channels (including the Internet, catalogs, and
telemarketing). We and our affiliates have the right to operate, franchise, license, and otherwise permit
restaurants, other retail establishments, and any other distribution channel under trademarks and brand
names other than the Wingstop trademark, whether located or operating inside or outside the


WINGSTOP 2024D (ISSUED MARCH 2024)
ACTIVE\1608033645.2
Development Area, even if these restaurants, other retail establishments, and distribution channels offer
and sell the same products and services your Restaurant(s) sell. Your competitive protection as a
developer also does not prohibit or restrict us and our affiliates from engaging in any and all of the
activities permitted under the Franchise Agreement. We need not compensate you for any of these
activities.
If you default under your Development Agreement for any reason, we may, in our discretion,
exercise any one or more of the following options: (i) eliminate your protected development rights in the
Development Area (in which case we may develop and/or allow others to develop Restaurants in the
Development Area); (ii) decrease the number of Restaurants to be developed under the development
schedule; (iii) reduce the size of the Development Area; and/or (iv) terminate all of your rights under the
Development Agreement, in all cases by giving you written notice of our election, which may or may not
offer an opportunity to cure. We may choose the option or options we prefer.
If we elect to undertake development in the Development Area or allow others to undertake
development in the Development Area, we may, in our sole discretion and without reinstating any of your
rights or waiving any of our remedies, (i) permit you to complete development of Restaurants in the
Development Area that we have previously approved, provided an executed lease for each such site is
executed within 60 days of our approval, (ii) enter into an amendment to the Development Agreement
with you that provides you a right of first refusal to purchase Restaurants that we develop in the
Development Area, or (iii) offer you the opportunity to acquire a site or Restaurant that we develop within
the Development Area at any time before or upon completion of the Restaurant’s construction.
After your Development Agreement expires or terminates, your right to develop Restaurants in
the Development Area ends. We then may grant development rights and Restaurant franchises to others in
the Development Area (that is, in the exclusive part from which we previously were excluded) and may
open our own Restaurants there or allow our affiliates to do so. This consequence follows even if you
have completed your development obligations on time and in strict compliance with your Development
Agreement. However, expiration or termination of your development rights does not affect the status of
your franchise for any Restaurant you are operating when the Development Agreement expires or
terminates. Section 10 of your Development Agreement gives you a conditional right to renew the right to
develop more Restaurants in the Development Area with a new Development Agreement if you meet the
following conditions: you opened all the Restaurants in the original Development Agreement in
compliance with the schedule; you were not in default of the Development Agreement; you are operating
all your Restaurants in full compliance with their Franchise Agreements; you financially qualify to
develop the number of Restaurants proposed; you notify us of your request to renew at least 60 days
before the Lease Execution Date of the last Restaurant in your original Development Agreement; and you
sign the new Development Agreement at least 20 days after we send it to you and pay us the new
development fee.

Franchise Agreement Provisions. The Franchise Agreement provides you competitive protection
in a Trade Area around your Restaurant. We will not open or grant a franchise for another Restaurant (as
defined in the Franchise Agreement) the physical premises of which are located in the Trade Area. Except
in high-density population centers, a Restaurant’s Trade Area consists of the area inside a circle whose
center lies at the Restaurant’s front door and whose radius extends outward from the circle’s center. The
radius for your Restaurant depends on your market area, including population density, drive times, and
similar factors. There is no set minimum or maximum radius. However, we do not anticipate (as a general
rule) that the radius will ever be greater than 3 miles from the Restaurant or, if the Restaurant is located in
the downtown area of a major city, less than 2 blocks. Your Restaurant’s specific radius will be
somewhere in that range depending on your specific market and circumstances. However, if you operate


WINGSTOP 2024D (ISSUED MARCH 2024)
ACTIVE\1608033645.2
in a Non-Traditional Venue (if you are a franchisee with access to that type of location), your Trade Area
might be limited to the physical footprint of the specific site/premises. A Restaurant’s Trade Area might
not always be completely inside the Development Area we assign in the Development Agreement.
In all cases, a franchisee’s Trade Area will be deemed to exclude any and all Non-Traditional
Venues physically located within the Trade Area, meaning that all such Non-Traditional Venues will not
be deemed to be a part of the definition of the Trade Area and there are no restrictions at all on our
activities in or at those Non-Traditional Venues, including our and our affiliates’ right to operate and
grant others the right to engage in foodservice operations under the Marks at such Non-Traditional
Venues. In addition, the Franchise Agreement provides you no competitive protection at all from
Wingstop-brand competitors located outside the physical boundary of your Restaurant’s Trade Area,
whether or not these competitors market Wingstop brand products and services in, provide catering or
delivery service in, or draw customers from your Trade Area using any channel of distribution. For these
reasons, you will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees,
from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
A Restaurant’s Trade Area is not the equivalent of a franchised territory in which you may
operate multiple units. The Franchise Agreement does not allow you to open more than one Restaurant in
your Trade Area or to relocate your Restaurant within your Trade Area without our permission. The
Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate one Restaurant at a specific location found and
secured in compliance with the terms of our Development Agreement described above.
You may not relocate the Restaurant to new premises without our prior written consent, which we
may grant or deny as we deem best. We may condition our consent, if any, of your relocation request on
the new premises being located in the Trade Area and not infringing another Restaurant’s protected trade
area; the new premises and its lease being acceptable to us; your paying a $5,000 relocation fee and then-
current fees and charges to help you construct and develop the Restaurant at the new premises in full
compliance with Wingstop requirements; your confirming that your Franchise Agreement remains in
effect and governs your operation of the Restaurant at the new premises with no change in the term or, at
our option, your signing our then-current form of Franchise Agreement to govern your operation of the
Restaurant at the new premises for a new franchise term; your signing a Relocation Rider to Franchise
Agreement or similar document to govern your transition from the Restaurant’s former premises to the
new premises; your signing a general release; your continuing to operate the Restaurant at its original
location until we authorize its closure; and your taking all action at your own expense to de-brand and de-
identify the Restaurant’s former premises. If we approve the relocation, the documents that we and you
sign in connection with the relocation will describe the Restaurant’s new Trade Area. Your proposed
relocation of the Restaurant outside the Trade Area (if approved) would be treated as your acquisition of a
new franchise rather than a relocation.
The competitive protection the Franchise Agreement provides relates to competing Restaurants
(but not operations at Non-Traditional Venues). To a lesser extent, it also applies to certain Special
Outlets. As under the Development Agreement, if the owner or manager of a site in the Trade Area wants
to install a Special Outlet and sets financial, experience, or organizational standards for an acceptable
operator that you do not meet when the opportunity arises, we are free to grant a franchise or license for a
Special Outlet to whoever satisfies the owner’s or manager’s standards.
If any other opportunity to develop a Special Outlet in your Restaurant’s Trade Area arises, we
first will ask whether you want to pursue it. If you do, we will evaluate your qualifications, taking into
account your financial strength, management and organizational capabilities, prior performance as a
Wingstop franchisee, and other factors we consider relevant. If we decide that you are qualified to


WINGSTOP 2024D (ISSUED MARCH 2024)
ACTIVE\1608033645.2
develop and operate the Special Outlet, we will authorize you to pursue the opportunity. If we decide that
you are not qualified, we are free to grant a franchise or license for a Special Outlet to whoever we
believe satisfies Wingstop standards. In deciding qualification questions, we will use our reasonable
business judgment, focusing on the best interests of the entire Wingstop network considered as a whole.
The Franchise Agreement expressly permits us and our affiliates to operate, franchise, license,
and otherwise permit restaurants, other retail establishments, and any other distribution channel under
trademarks and brand names other than the Wingstop trademark, whether located or operating inside or
outside the Trade Area, even if these restaurants, other retail establishments, and distribution channels
offer and sell the same products and services your Restaurant sells.
The Franchise Agreement expressly permits us and our affiliates to market our proprietary
products and memorabilia into your Restaurant’s Trade Area through catalogues, Internet Web sites,
telemarketing campaigns, and other direct-order techniques. The Franchise Agreement also expressly
permits us and our affiliates to distribute our proprietary products and memorabilia to business customers
that are not affiliated with the Wingstop franchise system. These non-affiliated customers may operate
inside your Restaurant’s Trade Area; there are no geographic limitations on the territory in which we or
our affiliates may distribute proprietary products or memorabilia to non-affiliated customers. Further,
non-affiliated customers may engage in direct competition with your Restaurant; there are no restrictions
on the type of merchandise or services a non-affiliated customer may offer. We need not compensate you
for any of these activities.
Continuation of the competitive protection the Franchise Agreement provides for your
Restaurant’s Trade Area does not depend on your achieving or satisfying contingencies such as sales
volumes, market penetration, or other goals.
You may advertise your Restaurant outside of its Trade Area but may not without prior written
consent sell products through any distribution channel (such as the Internet, catalogs, telemarketing, or
other direct marketing) other than at your Restaurant. You may offer catering service from your
Restaurant, which we define as the delivery of bulk or prepackaged items to commercial accounts (with
no set-up, food service, or clean-up services). You may not offer delivery service from your Restaurant
unless and until a delivery program is designed for the Wingstop system, its standards are described in the
Operations Manual, and you are assigned a delivery zone (which may be smaller than your Restaurant’s
Trade Area). We define delivery service as the delivery of bulk or prepackaged items to residential
customers (again, with no set-up, food service, or clean-up services).
The Franchise Agreement grants you no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire
additional franchises within or contiguous to your Restaurant’s Trade Area. The Development Agreement
alone embodies additional development and franchise acquisition rights.
We set no minimum sales quota and do not revise any of your rights if the population increases in
your Development Area or Trade Area.