ITEM 12.
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement
Under the Franchise Agreement, you are granted the right to operate a JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant
at a specific location (“Designated Area”) described in the Franchise Agreement.  Company and its affiliates
will not, as long as the Franchise Agreement is in effect and you are not in default, enfranchise or operate
a Company-owned or franchised JERSEY MIKE’S Restaurant, within your Designated Area as assigned
in the Franchise Agreement, with the following exception:  Company  reserves the right to place company-
owned or franchised Restaurants at “non-traditional venues,” such as airports, casinos, arenas, hospitals,
hotels, malls, military installations, national parks, schools, stadiums and theme parks, within your
Designated Area.  Company may also acquire or be sold to a competing franchise system, which may or
may not include restaurants in your Designated Area.

You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that Company owns, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that Company
controls.
The Designated Area typically comprises a 0.5 to 1 mile radius from the front door of the
Franchised Restaurant. At Company’s sole discretion, the Designated Area could be smaller if there is a
densely populated urban area, a readily definable market area like a resort or boardwalk, a specific facility
(stadium, hospital, airport, casino, etc.) or a natural boundary like a body of water, bridge or expressway.
The Designated Area will be determined by Company prior to signing the Franchise Agreement if Company
has approved the location of your Franchised Restaurant prior to execution of the Franchise Agreement.  If
your Franchised Restaurant location has not been approved by Company at the time you sign the Franchise

A Sub Above, LLC
2024 Franchise Disclosure Document.

Agreement, the parties will execute the Location Amendment, attached to this Disclosure Document as
Exhibit H, upon Company’s approval of the location.
You may operate the Franchised Restaurant only at the location specified in the Franchise
Agreement.  Unless you sign an Area Development Agreement, you have no right to acquire additional
Franchised Restaurants anywhere. Without Company’s written approval, you may not solicit orders or
engage in marketing outside of your Designated Area, although you may accept orders from outside your
Designated Area which you do not solicit.
If the lease for the site of the Franchised Restaurant expires or terminates through no fault of your
own, or if the site is destroyed, condemned or otherwise rendered unusable, or if in the judgment of
Company there is a change in character of the location of the Franchised Restaurant sufficiently detrimental
to its business potential to warrant its relocation, Company may at its option grant permission for relocation
of the Franchised Restaurant within your Designated Area to a location and site acceptable to Company.
Any relocation will be at your sole expense, and Company will have the right to charge you for any costs
it incurs, up to $5,000 for its services, in any relocation of the Franchised Restaurant, in addition to a Grand
Re-Opening Advertising Fee of up to $5,000.
Companies controlled by Peter Cancro operate three restaurants: Brick Grille, Atrium Café and Hope
Tower Café.  These restaurants may compete with your restaurant.  These restaurants do not sell submarine
sandwiches but may sell a variety of other sandwiches.  Otherwise, Company and/or its affiliates currently
do not operate or have plans to operate or franchise a business under a different trademark which sells or
will sell goods or services similar to those you will offer at your Franchised Restaurant.  However, Company
and/or its affiliates may do so in the future.  Company and its affiliates may establish Restaurants or grant
franchises for Restaurants anywhere outside your Designated Area.  Company and/or its affiliates may
establish other franchises or Company-owned units under a different Mark in your Designated Area.
Company may use any and all other channels of distribution selling or leasing similar products and services
(but not one which primarily sells submarine type sandwiches) under a different Mark, or under any other
brand within your Designated Area.  In addition, other Restaurants, food aggregators and third-party
delivery service providers may deliver to customers located in your Designated Area.
Continuation of your territorial rights under a franchise agreement is not dependent on the
achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration or other contingency.
The Franchise Agreement does not grant you rights to use any other channels of distribution, such
as the internet, catalog sales, direct marketing, etc.  Company retains the right to use other channels of
distribution (e.g., the internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing) inside your territory
using Company’s principal trademarks.  Company is not required to pay you any compensation if it solicits
or accepts orders inside your Designated Area.  All rights not expressly granted to you in the Franchise
Agreement are reserved to Company and its affiliates.
Company and other franchisees also may attend conventions, trade shows and other public events
within your Designated Area for the purpose of promoting products and services.  Neither Company nor
other franchisees have a duty to compensate you for activities which do not violate your Area Development
Agreement or Franchise Agreement.
Area Development Agreement
The Designated Territory granted in an Area Development Agreement may be defined by criteria
such as (but not limited to) zip code boundaries, county boundaries, highways, physical landforms, city or
municipality boundaries and other factors Company deems appropriate.  Company defines the specific

A Sub Above, LLC
2024 Franchise Disclosure Document.

nature of the Designated Territory on a map attached to the Summary Pages of the Area Development
Agreement. You will not receive any territorial protection in your Designated Territory.  However, you will
search for and select sites which Company must approve for Restaurants in the Designated Territory.
Company’s approval of a site for a Restaurant is conditioned on then-current factors, including site
demographics, proximity to other businesses, neighborhood character, the size and appearance of the
premises to be leased, and other characteristics and criteria that may periodically change.
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that Company and/or its affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
businesses that may be controlled by Company and/or its affiliates within the Designated Territory.