ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Target Reservation Agreement and Multiple Target Reservation Agreement
As discussed in Item 11, the TRA and MTRA define one or more Target Areas in which we
authorize you to search for one or more Restaurant sites.  You may only develop Restaurants in these Areas
and you will not be granted any exclusivity in these Areas.  There are no restrictions on us in the Target
Areas.  However, if we propose to develop a Restaurant at a site in a Target Area either for ourselves or
through another Franchisee we will give you the option to develop that Restaurant, as long as you meet our
requirements.  If you exercise the option, you must obtain site approval and secure property control and
open the Restaurant by the date specified by us.  If you do not exercise the option we or the third party can
develop the Restaurant at the site and we can terminate the TRA/MTRA and refund your remaining
franchise fee deposit.  Other than the requirement to refund this deposit, we will not pay you any
compensation if we perform or provide services in these Areas.
You do not have any right to prevent or restrict the development of other restaurants at any other
locations, at any time.  We and our affiliates also have the right to sell products including BURGER KING
branded products, in other channels of distribution like grocery stores, convenience stores, the internet or
other direct marketing sales under our marks or any others.  We may establish and license other Restaurants
to operate at other locations, including in the vicinity of your Restaurant.  Other BURGER KING
Restaurants may compete with your Restaurant or may affect customer trading patterns.  You will not
receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Relocation
You have no right to relocate your Restaurant other than with our prior written approval.  The
conditions under which we will grant this approval vary according to the circumstances.
Development Agreement
We occasionally grant  Development Agreements.  If you sign the Development Agreement
included as Exhibit M1, we will grant you a geographic area (“Territory”) and you must develop
Restaurants within the Territory.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive
brands that we control.
Opportunities for the development of new franchised Restaurants vary by area and depend on such
factors like current market penetration and existing commitments for new Restaurant development.  If we
grant rights to a developer in the market that your Restaurant is located in, or we grant a developer a right
of first refusal for additional Restaurants in the market and the developer exercises those rights, you will
not be able to open other Restaurants in that market.  We retain sole discretion to decide whether and on
what terms we may offer any type of additional franchise rights to any Franchisee.
We have granted the Army & Air Force Exchange Service division of the U.S. military the right to
develop, and to grant concessions to other BKC franchisees to develop, Restaurants on their U.S. military
establishments, adjacent housing and support areas.  You must sign a release to us regarding potential
development on any military establishment or base.
Item 12
03/2024
Franchise Agreement
Your Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate your Restaurant at a specific location
only.  The Franchise Agreement does not grant you or imply any type of area or territory, exclusive,
protected or otherwise, or protected customer base.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may
face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution
or competitive brands that we control.
Alternative Distribution Channels
We and our affiliates reserve the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet or
other direct marketing, to make sales within any territory granted to a franchisee, whether the sales are
made under our marks, or otherwise, and to sell and license others to sell similar goods and services under
our marks or otherwise.  We have no obligation to pay any compensation to a franchisee for soliciting or
accepting orders from inside a franchisee’s territory.  If we grant you a territory we may impose restrictions
on you from soliciting or accepting orders from consumers outside that territory.  For example, we must
approve all of your advertising.  We can also place restrictions on your ability to make sales using other
channels of distribution, such as the Internet, whether in or outside of any territory we grant to you.  For
example, you may not use any of our marks on any website, or other social media or as part of a domain
name or other electronic mail address.
Tim Hortons, Popeyes Restaurants and Firehouse Subs
As explained in Item 1, our affiliates THUSA, TDL, TH APAC and TH International franchise the
operation of and/or operate Tim Hortons® restaurants; our affiliates PLK, PLK APAC and PLK Europe
franchise the operation of and/or operate Popeyes® restaurants; and our affiliates FOA and Firehouse
Canada, Firehouse Europe and Firehouse APAC franchise the operation of and operate Firehouse Subs®
restaurants.  The principal business address of TDL is 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario
M5X 1E1 Canada.  The principal business address of THUSA and PLK is 5707 Blue Lagoon Drive, Miami,
FL 33126.  While these offices are located in the same office building as BKC, we maintain separate office
space and typically conduct training at separate facilities or on different dates and times.  The principal
business address of TH International, Firehouse Europe and PLK Europe is Dammstrasse 23, 6300 Zug,
Switzerland.  The principal business address of TH APAC, Firehouse APAC and PLK APAC is 8 Cross
Street, Manulife Tower, #28-01/07, Singapore 048424.  The principal business address of FOA is 12735
Gran Bay Parkway, Suite 150 Jacksonville, Florida 32258. The principal business address of Firehouse
Canada is 130 King Street West, Suite 300, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E1 Canada.  Tim Hortons® restaurants,
Popeyes® restaurants, BURGER KING Restaurants and Firehouse Subs® restaurants currently offer
significantly different menus but they do also offer some similar goods and they may offer similar goods
or services in the future.  For example, all four currently offer sandwiches, french fried potatoes, and/or
chips, dessert items and beverages.
We do not grant territories to our U.S. franchisees, and there may be now or in the future Tim
Hortons® restaurants, Popeyes® restaurants and/or Firehouse Subs® restaurants located in the same market
in the U.S. as current or future BURGER KING Restaurants.  These Tim Hortons®, Popeyes® restaurants
and Firehouse Subs® restaurants could be company-owned, franchised, or both.  If there is a conflict
between us and a BURGER KING franchisee caused by a Tim Hortons®, Popeyes® or Firehouse Subs®
restaurant or between a BURGER KING franchisee and a Tim Hortons®, Popeyes® or Firehouse Subs®
franchisee, our management team will attempt to resolve the conflict after taking into account the specific
facts of each situation and what is in the best interests of the affected system or systems.  However, we are
not responsible for resolving conflicts between or among BURGER KING franchisees, or between or
among a BURGER KING franchisee and a Tim Hortons®, Popeyes® or Firehouse Subs® franchisee.
Item 12
03/2024
Except as previously described in Item 1, neither we nor any of our affiliates have established or
presently intend to establish other franchises or company-operated outlets or affiliate-owned outlets selling
or leasing similar products or services under a different trade name or trademark.  However, we and our
affiliates retain the right to do so in the future.
We occasionally look into acquiring chains of restaurants that sell products or provide services
similar to those offered by BURGER KING Restaurants.  These acquired restaurants might be converted
into BURGER KING Restaurants, maintained as a new concept under our marks, or maintained as a
separate concept.
4858-0573-7161, v. 1
Item 13
03/2024