ITEM 12
TERRITORY

You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.

Franchise Agreement

The Franchise Agreement gives you the right to operate a Paris Baguette Cafe at the Location. In
addition, we may designate a protected geographic area in Attachment C of the Franchise Agreement (the
“Protected Area”). Subject to our reserved rights, if you are in compliance with the Franchise Agreement
we and our affiliates will not establish or authorize anyone except you to establish a Paris Baguette Cafe in
the Protected Area during the term of the Franchise Agreement, other than in any Reserved Area (defined
below). The actual size and shape of the Protected Area will be determined, in our sole discretion, based on
several factors, including, without limitation, traffic patterns, population density, income level and the
number of households and businesses in the area. Depending on the circumstances, in some cases, your
Paris Baguette Cafe will not receive a Protected Area.  If you sign a Franchise Agreement pursuant to your
rights under an Area Development Agreement, your Protected Area under that Franchise Agreement will
not, in any event, extend beyond the boundaries of your Development Area.

You must operate the Cafe only at the Location. You may accept business from customers who
reside anywhere however you may not actively solicit business from consumers located outside your
Protected Area through any method of distribution, including alternative channels such as the Internet,
catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing. You cannot relocate the Cafe without our consent.
If you lose possession of the Location through no fault of your own, you must apply to us within thirty (30)
days for our approval to relocate your Cafe. You must relocate to another site in the Protected Area that is
approved by us. Upon renewal, we will re-evaluate your then-current Protected Area to determine whether
there have been any shifts in demographics or in our standards that would warrant modifying your Protected
Area, therefore your total Protected Area size upon renewal may be smaller or larger than your original
Protected Area.





We retain all other rights. Among other things, this means we can:

(1) Develop and establish other business systems using the Proprietary Marks or similar marks, or
develop and establish other business systems using other names or marks which may offer competitive
products or services, and grant licenses to use those systems anywhere without providing any rights to you;
(2) Advertise and promote the System in the Protected Area;
(3) Provide or allow others to provide catering and delivery services to customers inside and outside
your Protected Area;
(4) Operate, and license others to operate, Paris Baguette Cafes at any location outside your
Protected Area and operate or license others to operate in any non-traditional locations such as malls;
airports; train or bus station; hospitals; school, college, university or other educational institution; hotel,
resort or other lodging facility; amusement park; sports facility; state or national parks; exhibition hall,
conference facility or convention center; casino or gambling establishment; military base; highway plaza
or rest stops; or any similar area (each, as “Reserved Area”) both inside and outside your Protected Area.
We or our affiliates may operate any non-traditional location on a temporary, seasonal or permanent basis;
(5) Within and outside your Protected Area, offer and sell, and authorize others to offer and sell,
any similar or dissimilar products and services (under the Proprietary Marks or under other names or marks)
through any channel or by any method of distribution other than a traditional Paris Baguette Cafe on any
terms and conditions we deem appropriate, including through alternative channels of distribution (e.g.,
catalogues, Internet websites, telemarketing, mail order, direct-order techniques, non-traditional locations,
grocery stores, gas stations, specialty stores, catering and delivery) as well as special events like street fairs,
parades, sporting events and similar occasions; and

(6)  Acquire the assets or ownership interest in (or merge or become affiliated with) one or more
businesses operating under names other than the Proprietary Marks, including competing businesses, and
the right to convert those locations to Cafes, regardless of location,  and the right to be acquired by (or
merge or become affiliated with) any other business operating under names other than the Proprietary
Marks, including a competing business, with locations anywhere, which may result in the required
conversion of Cafes.

There are no restrictions on our right to solicit or accept business from consumers inside the
Protected Area without paying any compensation to you. We do not currently operate or plan to operate or
franchise businesses under a different trademark that will sell similar goods or services to the goods and
services that you sell, but we reserve the right to do so in the future. Our affiliate, PBBD, currently owns a
majority interest in Zinc Enterprises, Inc., which operates Zinc Cafes, a restaurant concept that may sell
goods similar to those that you may sell. Zinc is currently corporate owned and is not operated as a
franchise.

Continuation of your Protected Area, if any, does not depend on the achievement of a certain sales
volume, market penetration or other contingency. There are no circumstances that would permit us to
modify your territorial rights during the term of the Franchise Agreement, but we may modify your
Protected Area upon renewal or default. You do not receive the right to acquire additional franchises within
or outside of your Protected Area unless you sign an Area Development Agreement or another Franchise
Agreement with us.





At our sole discretion, if we believe your Cafe and its personnel have the experience and know-
how to do so successfully in strict compliance with System Standards, we may permit or require you to
provide catering and delivery services from your Cafe to customers located inside or outside your Protected
Area and other franchisees may provide catering or delivery services from their Cafe within your Protected
Area.  If you are unable to meet customer demand for catering and delivery services, then we may prohibit
you from providing such services and may provide or allow others (including other franchisees or us) to
provide catering and delivery within your Protected Area, and you will not be entitled to any compensation
in connection with this.

Area Development Agreement

If you sign an Area Development Agreement, we grant you a Development Area. We determine
the Development Area before you sign the Area Development Agreement based on various market and
economic factors like market demographics, the penetration of Paris Baguette Cafes and similar businesses
in the market, the availability of appropriate sites and growth trends in the market. The Development Area
may be all or a portion of a city, a single or multi-county area, or some other geographically identifiable
area, which will be described in Exhibit E to the Area Development Agreement. If you sign an Area
Development Agreement, you must select the site for your Cafe from within the Development Area
identified in Exhibit E of the Area Development Agreement.

You must develop Cafes in the Development Area under the Development Schedule in
Attachment F of the Area Development Agreement. We must agree to the Development Schedule before
signing the Area Development Agreement. Under the Area Development Agreement, we must accept the
proposed site for each Cafe in accordance with our then-current site selection guidelines.  If you stop
operating any Cafe during the term of the Area Development Agreement, you must develop a replacement
Cafe within a reasonable time (not to exceed to one-hundred and eighty (180) days after you stop operating
the original Cafe.  If you transfer your interest in a Cafe during the term of the Area Development
Agreement, in compliance with the related Franchise Agreement for the Cafe, we will continue to count the
transferred Cafe when determining whether you have complied with the Development Schedule, unless the
transferred Cafe is no longer operating as a Paris Baguette Cafe.  In that case, you must develop a
replacement Cafe within a reasonable time (not to exceed one-hundred and eighty (180) days) after the
transferred Cafe ceases to be operated as a Paris Baguette Cafe. If you decide to sell your Cafes, you must
sell all Cafes developed under the Area Development Agreement together and not sell individual Cafes
without our prior written consent.

If you comply with the Area Development Agreement and all other agreements that you and your
affiliates have with us and our affiliates, then we and our affiliates will not establish, or authorize anyone
except you to establish, any traditional Paris Baguette Cafes in the Development Area during the term of
the Area Development Agreement. We retain all other rights. Among other things, this means we can
conduct activities in the Development Area like those described above in relation to the Protected Area,
including but not limited to, those express reserved rights set forth in subparagraphs (1) - (6) in the Franchise
Agreement section above.

If you fail to comply with the Development Schedule, or otherwise materially default under the
Area Development Agreement or any Franchise Agreement with us, then we may (in addition to our other
remedies) terminate or modify your territorial rights, reduce your Development Area, or reduce the number
of Cafes that you may establish. When the Area Development Agreement expires, or is terminated, you
cannot develop additional Cafes in the Development Area (but may complete development of and/or
operate Cafes under the existing Franchise Agreements) and we may develop or authorize others to develop
Paris Baguette Cafes in the Development Area and exercise all rights not expressly granted to you under
your Franchise Agreements.





Except as described above, continuation of any territorial protection does not depend on the
achievement of a certain sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency and we may not alter your
Development Area, provided however, upon default we may, in our sole discretion, elect to exercise any
one or more of the following remedies in lieu of terminating this Agreement: (1) terminate or modify any
territorial protections granted (2) reduce the size of the Development Area, (3) reduce the number of Cafes
that may be established pursuant to the Development Schedule, or (4) require additional training at your
expense.