ITEM 12

TERRITORY
Development Agreement
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement.  You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control.
There are no restrictions on the areas in which you may advertise or solicit customers for your
Franchised Restaurants; however, see Item 13 for internet restrictions.  We reserve all rights to use and
license the Hardee’s System, and the Proprietary Marks other than those that we expressly grant you.
There are no restrictions on the areas in which we may advertise or solicit customers, nor must we
compensate you for soliciting or accepting orders from inside the Development Territory.  The rights we
reserve include the right to use any other channel of distribution, including the internet, to make sales in
the Development Territory using the Proprietary Marks or different proprietary marks.
Franchise Agreement
You will not receive any exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement.  You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own and/or operate, or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands that we control.  You do not receive any right under the Franchise
Agreement to develop additional Franchised Restaurants.  Our prior written consent is required before
you relocate the Franchised Restaurant. If your right to possession of the Franchise Restaurant premises is
lost through no act or failure to act on your part, you may relocate the Franchised Restaurant if: (1) we
accept the new location; (2) you construct and equip a Franchised Restaurant at the new location in
accordance with the then-current System standards and specifications; (3) a Franchised Restaurant at the
new location is open to the public for business within 6 months after the loss of possession of the original
franchised location; and (4) you reimburse us for all reasonable expenses actually incurred by us in
connection with the acceptance of the new location.
HR-NT – FDD – 09/24

You may only sell or distribute products identified by some or all of the Proprietary Marks from
the Franchised Location; you may not use any other method or channel of distribution.  We do not impose
any geographic restrictions on your ability to solicit customers; however, see Item 13 for internet
restrictions.  In addition, you must participate in all online ordering and delivery programs that we may
designate from time to time and comply with the terms and conditions of such programs, including any
geographic or other delivery restrictions. There are no restrictions on our ability to solicit customers, nor
must we compensate you for soliciting or accepting orders.  We reserve all rights to use and license the
Hardee’s System, and the Proprietary Marks other than those that we expressly grant you.  We reserve the
right to merchandise and distribute goods and services identified by the Proprietary Marks (or different
proprietary marks) through any method or channel of distribution, including the internet.
As noted in Item 1, pursuant to the Management Agreement, CKR, at all times acting on our
behalf, may fulfill all of our duties and obligations under all existing and future Franchise Agreements
and Development Agreements, including managing the Hardee’s Systems; marketing and offering new
and renewal Franchise Agreements and Development Agreements as our franchise broker; training
franchisees and their employees; and providing the required support to franchisees.  Pursuant to the same
Management Agreement, CKR also fulfills all of CJR’s duties and obligations under all existing and
future franchise agreements and development agreements for Carl’s Jr. Restaurants, which are quick
service restaurants identified in whole or in part by the name “Carl’s Jr.”  Except in limited
circumstances, Hardee’s Restaurants are not located in same geographic area as Carl’s Jr. Restaurants.  In
the limited circumstances where there is overlap, CJR and its franchisees may solicit or accept orders
within the same area served by Restaurants operated by Hardee’s franchisees, and any potential conflict
between the franchisees of each system will be resolved on a case by case basis. As noted in Item 1, the
principal place of business CKR and CJR is the same as ours.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those
that our franchisees sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1
and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private equity funds
managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar
goods or services to those that our franchisees sell.  Item 1 describes our current Affiliated Programs that
offer franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their
businesses are franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks.  All of these other brands (with
limited exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices
and training facilities of our franchise network. Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors
of our franchise network given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item
1. All of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from
customers near your business.  Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any conflicts
between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and support, and we
have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.