ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement
You will operate the Restaurant at a specific location that we first must accept.  If you have
not located the Restaurant’s premises as of the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, you must
secure, by lease or purchase, a suitable site within 12 months afterward, and we will identify in the
Franchise Agreement a nonexclusive area within which we expect you to look for a suitable site.
We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not secure the site within this 12-month
period.  You may operate the Restaurant only at the approved premises and may not relocate
without our approval, which we may grant or deny as we deem best.  Our acceptance of the
proposed relocation depends on the circumstances at the time and what we deem to be in the
Restaurant’s and our system’s best interests.  Factors we may consider in that regard include, for
example, the new site’s market area, its proximity to other Restaurants in our system, whether you
are in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, and how long it will take you to open at the
new site.
We may condition our approval of your relocation request on (1) the new site and its lease
being acceptable to us, (2) your paying us a relocation fee, (3) your reimbursing the costs we incur
during the relocation process, including those required to help you construct and develop the
Restaurant at the new site in full compliance with Jimmy John’s Brand Standards, (4) your
confirming that your Franchise Agreement remains in effect and governs your operation of the
Restaurant at the new site with no change in the franchise term or, at our option, your signing our
then-current form of franchise agreement to govern your operation of the Restaurant at the new
site for a new franchise term, (5) your signing a Relocation Rider to Franchise Agreement to
govern your transition from the Restaurant’s former premises to the new site, (6) your signing a
general release, in a form satisfactory to us, of any and all claims against us and our owners,
affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents (except for our indemnification obligations),
(7) your continuing to operate the Restaurant at the original premises until we authorize its closure,
and (8) your taking, within the timeframe we specify and at your own expense, all action we require
to de-brand and de-identify the Restaurant’s former premises so that it no longer is associated in
any manner (in our sole determination) with the franchise system.
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You also do not have any type of non-
exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  We (and our
affiliates) retain the right at all times to engage in any and all activities that we (and they) deem
appropriate, wherever and whenever we (and they) desire, and whether or not these activities
compete with your Restaurant.  These permitted activities include the right to (1) establish and
operate, and allow others to establish and operate, JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants at any locations
and in any areas, other than at your Restaurant’s specific premises, (2) establish, and allow others
to establish, other businesses and distribution channels (including the Internet), wherever located
or operating, that operate under the Marks or any other trademarks or service marks, that are the
same as or different from JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants, and that sell products and/or services
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3
that are identical or similar to and/or competitive with those that JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
customarily sell, and (3) engage in all other activities not expressly prohibited by the Franchise
Agreement.  We currently sell Jimmy Chips® at certain national retail stores and online.
You have no options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional
franchises.  You must provide delivery services in compliance with our standards but only in the
delivery area we specify for you (in an email or other communication) after you find the
Restaurant’s site. We generally require all franchisees to offer delivery services; it is not an
optional service.  Except as described below, you may deliver the Restaurant’s products to
customers only with your own employed delivery drivers. The delivery area’s size depends on
where your Restaurant is located (for example, a residential or commercial area), population
density, drive times, and distance.  There is no specific minimum or maximum delivery area.  We
may at any time and for any or no reason change the delivery area, including reducing its size.  If
we do, you must immediately change your delivery practices and begin delivering the Restaurant’s
products only within the newly-defined area.  If you do not do so, we may immediately terminate
your right to provide any delivery services anywhere.  If we reduce your delivery area’s size, there
might be a reduction in your sales, but we will not be liable for that reduction because we simply
will have taken action the Franchise Agreement allows us to take.  Your delivery area is not
exclusive.  We may engage and/or allow other franchisees and third parties to engage in any
activities we desire within the area without any restrictions at all (including allowing other
franchisees to provide delivery services in the area).  We will not be liable for any reduction in
your sales due to these activities because we are allowed to engage and/or to allow others to engage
in these activities.  The area is nothing more than the geographic boundaries in which you may
deliver the Restaurant’s products.  In addition to your obligations above, if you receive our prior
written approval (which we may revoke at any time or for any reason) or if we (at our option)
require, then you must commence and continuously use the Third-Party Delivery Platforms in
compliance with the Brand Standards.
Although we have the right to do so, we and our affiliates have not, except as described at
the end of this Item, established other franchises or company-owned outlets or another distribution
channel selling or leasing similar products or services under a different trademark.
Continuation of your franchise does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume,
market penetration, or other contingency.  Except as provided above regarding delivery services,
there are no restrictions on the areas where you may solicit or accept orders for Menu Items and
services.  However, besides your delivery rights above, you have no right to use other
distribution channels to make sales away from your location and may not do so at any time.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurant and one or more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor may
grant you territorial exclusivity for the Other Restaurant which will be described in Other
Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other Franchise Agreement.
Development Rights Agreement
You may (if you qualify) develop and operate a number of JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants
within a specific area (the “Territory”).  We and you will identify the Territory in the Development
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3
Rights Agreement before signing it.  The Territory typically is a city, cities, or other political
subdivisions.  We base the Territory’s size primarily on the number of JIMMY JOHN’S®
Restaurants you agree to develop, demographics, and site availability.  We and you will negotiate
the number of Restaurants you must develop (no less than 3), the dates by which you must develop
them, and the dates by which you must sign each franchise agreement in order to maintain your
development rights.  We and you then will complete the schedule in the Development Rights
Agreement before signing it.  JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you (or your affiliates) are
permitted to operate at Non-Traditional Locations (defined below) in the Territory will not count
toward your compliance with your development schedule.
While the Development Rights Agreement is in effect, we (and our affiliates) will not,
except in the situations described below, establish or grant to other franchisees the right to establish
other JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants having their physical locations within the Territory.  There
are no other restrictions on us (or our affiliates).  You may not develop or operate JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurants outside the Territory.  We may terminate the Development Rights
Agreement if you do not satisfy your development obligations when required.  We will evaluate
the proposed locations of your additional Restaurants according to the same criteria, and following
the same process, described earlier.
This paragraph describes the exceptions referenced above to your exclusive right to
establish and operate JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants having their physical locations within the
Territory.  If:

we become aware during the Development Rights Agreement term of one or
more opportunities to establish and operate a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at
a physical location within the Territory for which that location’s owner or
manager sets financial, experience, or organizational standards for an
acceptable operator (for example, a national or multi-regional concessionaire)
that you do not and cannot satisfy when the opportunity becomes available, or

you otherwise cannot gain access to that location because it is a Non-Traditional
Location (for example, (a) military bases and other governmental facilities; (b)
universities, schools and other education facilities; (c) airports, train stations,
toll plazas and other public or restricted-access transportation facilities or
terminals; (d) stadiums, arenas, theaters and other sports and entertainment
venues; (e) amusement parks, theme parks, museums, zoos, and other similar
public facilities; (f) cafeterias, food courts and other foodservice locations
within shopping centers, shopping malls, office buildings/corporate campuses,
industrial buildings, and department stores, grocery stores, and similar retail
stores; (g) hotels, casinos and convention centers; (h) hospitals, nursing
facilities and other medical facilities; and (i) reservations and other sovereign
territories.) (the locations referenced in these bullet points are referred to
collectively as “Non-Traditional Locations”),
then we (or our affiliates) may pursue the opportunity for that Non-Traditional Location
Venue and establish and operate, or franchise or license another to establish and operate, a JIMMY
JOHN’S® Restaurant at that Non-Traditional Location.  Our, our affiliate’s, or another
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3
franchisee’s or licensee’s establishment and operation of a JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurant at a Non-
Traditional Location in the Territory will not count toward your compliance with your
development schedule.  JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants that you (or your affiliates) are permitted
to operate at Non-Traditional Locations physically located in the Territory likewise will not count
toward your compliance with the development schedule.  Because of our rights with respect to
Non-Traditional Locations, you will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development
Rights Agreement.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Despite your development schedule under the Development Rights Agreement, we may
delay your development and/or opening of additional JIMMY JOHN’S® Restaurants within the
Territory for the time period we deem best if we believe in our sole judgment, when you submit
your application for another Restaurant, or after you (or your affiliate) have developed and
constructed but not yet opened a particular Restaurant, that you (or your affiliate) are not yet
operationally, managerially, or otherwise prepared (no matter the reason) to develop, open, and/or
operate the additional Restaurant in full compliance with JIMMY JOHN’S® standards and
specifications.  We may delay additional development and/or a Restaurant’s opening as long as
the delay will not in our reasonable opinion cause you to breach your development obligations
under the development schedule (unless we are willing to extend the schedule to account for the
delay).
Except as described above, continuation of your territorial exclusivity does not depend on
your achieving a certain sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency, and we may not
alter your Territory during the Development Rights Agreement’s term.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate
or franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services
similar to those that our franchisees sell.  However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs
described in Item 1 and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned
by private equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or
franchise businesses that sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell.  Item 1
describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer franchises, their principal business addresses,
the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or company-owned,
and their trademarks.  All of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices and
training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our franchise
network.  Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network
given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the
businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from
customers near your business.  Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any
conflicts between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and
support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.
JJF FDD (2024)
ACTIVE\1602199956.3