Item 12
TERRITORY
License Agreement
The License Agreement designates an Approved Location, if the site is known, or a Site Selection
Area for the Center, if the site is unknown, when you sign the License Agreement.  The License Agreement
will designate a 2-mile radius from the most central point of the Approved Location where VIOCF agrees
not to establish or operate a Center under the System and the Proprietary Marks.  Once you have established
the Center, the Approved Location and the 2-mile radius surrounding it will be considered the Territory
(the “Territory”) where VIOCF agrees not to establish or operate a Center under the System and the
Proprietary Marks.  Your rights to your Territory do not depend on certain sales volumes, market
penetration or other contingencies.  You may not relocate the Center without VIOCF’s prior written
consent.  However, your Territory may be altered if the Center is relocated.
During the term of the License Agreement, VIOCF will not operate, or license other persons to
operate, any Center within the Territory, which is under the System and uses the Proprietary Marks.
However, VIOCF or any of its affiliates may buy other quick lube facilities within your Territory, which
VIOCF or any of its affiliates may operate or license others to operate, even though the quick lube facilities
offer similar products and services to the System, so long as the acquired facilities use different Proprietary
Marks.  With respect to your rights within the Territory, the marks “Valvoline®” and “V®” are not
considered to be a “Proprietary Mark” licensed to the Center if either mark is used apart from the mark
“Instant Oil Change”.  VIOCF is not required to pay you if VIOCF exercises any of the rights specified
above inside your territory.
Valvoline Inc. allows and plans to continue to allow operators of automotive service facilities to
use its “Express Care” trademark and those automotive service facilities may be located within your
Territory.
The License Agreement does not grant you any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
acquire additional licenses within the Site Selection Area or Territory after VIOCF has approved a site.
Valvoline Inc., through its subsidiaries, sells VALVOLINE® products, which are similar to the
products that you will be selling in your Center, to other quick-lube operations, service stations, automotive
service departments at national chain stores, brake shops and other “specialty” automotive repair stores, tire
stores, automotive dealerships, and other businesses that offer oil change and lubrication services and other
routine automotive maintenance.  VALVOLINE® products are also sold at gasoline/convenience stores,
grocery stores, discount stores, retail stores, and mass merchandisers.  VIOCF does not protect your
Territory from other sales channels, including online sales, from us, other franchisees, or sellers of VIOCF
or its affiliates’ products.  VIOCF does not compensate you for any sales of products made within your
Territory or to customers living within your Territory.
VIOCF does not restrict you from soliciting business from outside your Territory, but you do not
have the right to use other channels of distribution.
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that VIOCF or its affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that
VIOCF controls.
Development Agreement
If you are offered the opportunity to develop multiple Centers within the Development Area, you
will sign a Development Agreement with us.  The Development Agreement specifies the number of Centers
that you are expected to develop within the Development Area and the timeframe for that development.
The Development Area will be approved in accordance with the then-current standards for Development
Areas and in accordance with the terms of the Development Agreement that you will sign.  The
Development Area may range from areas within a city to several counties within a state or other geographic
areas in more than one state, depending upon population and the number of proposed Centers to be
developed.  The minimum number of Centers that you must open under the Development Agreement will
be mutually agreed upon by you and us, but will be at least three Centers.
If you sign a Development Agreement with VIOCF, VIOCF will work with you to identify your
Development Area and sites for the Centers to be opened by you in your Development Area, but VIOCF
does not choose a development territory or Center locations for you.  VIOCF must approve the site for each
Center opened under the Development Agreement.  For each Center that you open under the Development
Agreement, you must sign VIOCF’s then-current License Agreement.  The locations for each of your
Centers will be approved in accordance with the then-current standards for Center locations and in
accordance with the terms of the License Agreement that you sign in connection with each Center that you
will open.  You may not relocate your Development Area.
During the term of the Development Agreement, VIOCF will not operate, or license other persons
to operate, any Centers within the Development Area in which Centers are operated under the System and
uses the Proprietary Marks.  The mark “Valvoline” and the Mark “V” will not be considered a “Proprietary
Mark” if either is used apart from the mark “Instant Oil Change”.  VIOCF may operate or license others
the right to operate centers within your development area under any proprietary marks other than the mark
Valvoline Instant Oil Change®, including the centers that use the marks “VALVOLINE” and “V” when
not used in conjunction with the Valvoline Instant Oil Change® mark, except as described below.
Valvoline Inc. allows and plans to continue to allow operators of automotive service facilities to
use its “Express Care” trademark and those automotive service facilities may be located within your
Territory.  The other rights VIOCF has relative to your territorial rights set out in the description of the
License Agreement above also apply to your Development Area except that VIOCF cannot open and cannot
license others to open Centers in your Development Area.
VIOCF and its affiliates have the right to buy existing quick lube centers located in your
Development Area.  If such centers are part of an acquisition that includes centers inside and outside your
Development Area, VIOCF or its affiliates may operate or license others to operate the purchased centers
under the then-existing brand of the purchased center, even though the quick lube centers offer similar
products and services of the System, and we will be able to use the Proprietary Marks, but we will work
with you to determine the appropriate territory boundaries between the acquired facilities and your
existing Centers by referencing the parameters of the developer’s then-existing License Agreements
for its Centers in the Development Area.
Your rights within the Development Area are not based on any specific sales volume.
VIOCF may not change the Development Area except by mutual consent or termination of the
Development Agreement.
You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that VIOCF or its affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that
VIOCF controls.