ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You are granted the right to operate a Franchised Business within a defined geographic
area with an estimated minimum population of 10,000 people aged 65 years and older (“Protected
Area”). We utilize a third-party software to gather our demographic data to determine the estimated
population within your Protected Area. Your Protected Area will be established by Exhibit A of
the Franchise Agreement and defined in reference to a municipality, county or metropolitan
statistical area or a portion of a municipality, county or metropolitan statistical area or defined by
a map attached to Exhibit A.
We will not license the right to another franchisee to open and operate a Franchised
Business nor will we operate a Home Instead business within the Protected Area granted to you
by the Franchise Agreement. You are prohibited from soliciting or from providing services to
clients outside your Protected Area except as authorized. Services may only be provided within
another franchise owner’s exclusive or protected area if that franchise owner has granted you
permission in writing to care for the specific individual. You may be authorized by us in the
Operations Manual or written communication to provide services outside of your Protected Area
if that area is not included in another franchise owner’s exclusive or protected area. The policies
and procedures for marketing and sales activities outside an exclusive or protected area are
established in the Operations Manual or as communicated to franchisees in writing periodically by
us. You do not have the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet,
telemarketing or other direct marketing to make sales outside of the territory granted to you. You
may enter into cooperative marketing agreements and sales activities with other franchise owners
in your area, as allowed by law.
We (on behalf of ourselves and our affiliates) reserve all rights that we don’t specifically
grant to you including the following rights:
1.
to operate, or to grant to others the right to operate, a Home Instead business at
locations and on terms we deem appropriate outside of your Protected Area;
2.
to sell the products and services authorized for your Franchised Business under
other trademarks, service marks and commercial symbols through similar or
dissimilar channels of distribution and under terms we deem appropriate outside
the Protected Area;
3.
to advertise and sell the products and services authorized as associated with a
Franchised Business under the Licensed Marks through dissimilar channels of
distribution including by electronic means such as the Internet and websites we
establish and under terms we deem appropriate within and outside the Protected
Area;
4.
to advertise the System on the Internet and to create, operate, maintain and modify,
or discontinue the use of one or more websites using the Licensed Marks;
5.
to offer for sale products and services designed for older adults and other
individuals who need care that are ancillary or related to the services and needs of
older adults and other individuals who need care through our current websites or
through other website(s) or through such dissimilar channels of distribution as we
determine at our discretion within and outside your Protected Area;
6.
to exclusively develop relationships and solicit business on behalf of the System
within your Protected Area to further develop our National Accounts Program;
7.
to acquire the assets or ownership interest of one or more businesses providing
products and services similar to those provided at Franchised Businesses. We may
franchise, license or grant the right to others to temporarily operate those businesses
once acquired in order to transition them to the Home Instead network. We may do
so regardless of whether these businesses are located or operating within your
Protected Area; and
8.
to be acquired (whether through acquisition of assets, ownership interest or
otherwise, regardless of the form of transaction), by a business providing products
and services similar to those provided by Franchised Businesses or by another
business, even if such business operates, franchises and/or licenses competitive
businesses in your Protected Area.
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above.
We, and our affiliates, have the right to operate a National Accounts Program and enter
into agreements with National Accounts operating both inside and outside the Protected Area. The
term “National Accounts” means certain multi-state, multiple location or specialized service
clients that we periodically may designate, which directly or through agents or other third parties
own, manage, control, or otherwise have responsibility for business in more than one (1)
franchisee’s exclusive or protected area. National Accounts may include referral services, group
service or purchase organizations, insurance companies, hospital systems, nursing homes, or
hospice facilities. Provided the terms of participation are commercially reasonable, you must
participate in the National Accounts Program and comply with the terms of the National Accounts
Program as described in the Operations Manual or as we otherwise describe in writing. You
understand that we will establish the rules under which you will or may participate, and be
compensated for participation, in the National Accounts Program and that we may terminate,
modify, or replace the National Accounts Program at any time. You must pay then-current fees
associated with the National Accounts Program.
On renewal of a franchise, the Protected Area granted to you may be modified and/or the
Performance Standard (as described in this document) may be increased or changed. Depending
on the demographics of the Protected Area at the time of renewal, and on our standards for
protected areas at the time of renewal, if the Protected Area originally granted to you is larger than
the protected area we are then granting to new franchisees, we may require you to accept a
protected area upon renewal which is smaller than the Protected Area for the prior term of your
Franchise Agreement.
You have no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises.
Without our prior written consent, you cannot acquire a direct or indirect ownership interest in
another Home Instead business.
Honor and its affiliates offer similar home care services under the trademark “Honor” in
Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, New Mexico, and Texas.  These
businesses may operate in exclusive or protected areas of Home Instead franchisees, and we have
no obligation to resolve any perceived conflict between our franchisees and Honor regarding
territory, clients and support. Honor’s business address is 13323 California Street, Omaha, NE
68154.
To maintain the exclusivity of your Protected Area granted by your Franchise Agreement,
you must attain and maintain the minimum monthly performance standard stated in your Franchise
Agreement (the “Performance Standard”). The Performance Standard may be increased or
changed by us in any renewal Franchise Agreement.
Failure to comply with the Performance Standard is a material default of the Franchise
Agreement and is good cause for termination of the Franchise Agreement. In addition, if you do
not maintain this Performance Standard or do not comply with the other provisions of your
Franchise Agreement, we may reduce the size of your Protected Area or terminate your Franchise
Agreement.
The current Performance Standard is:
The Performance Standard is subject to change annually in accordance with the Franchise
Agreement.