ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement
Location.  Your franchise is for the specific Location that we accept, which will be added to the
Franchise Agreement along with the Protected Area, which is described below, once we accept
and you secure it, in the Location and Protected Area Schedule (Appendix A-1 to the Franchise
Agreement).
Protected Area.  You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands
that we control.  You will, however, have certain limited protected rights within an area around
your Restaurant designated by us, in our sole discretion (the “Protected Area”).
Within your Protected Area, we will not operate, or authorize others to operate, a Restaurant
within the Protected Area, except for a Non-Traditional Outlet.  A “Non-Traditional Outlet” is a
Restaurant that is located at or operated from a non-traditional site, including (1) airports, bus and
railroad terminals, and other public transportation facilities, (2) sports arenas, stadiums, and
facilities, (3) gasoline service stations, highway rest stops, and travel plazas, (4) amusement
parks or centers, zoos, parks, aquariums, museums, art centers, concert venues, theaters, drive-
in theaters, movie theaters, amphitheaters, casinos, and other entertainment or tourist facilities,
(5) supermarkets, convenience stores, department stores, outlet malls, and enclosed malls,
(6)  food courts, (7) hospitals and other health care facilities, (8) universities, schools, and
education facilities, (9) convention centers, (10) military bases, (11) national and state parks,
(12)  concessionaire locations (including event-specific, non-permanent, temporary and/or
movable stands, kiosks, trailers, tents or other similar installations), (13) limited access office
buildings, business complexes, and dormitories, (14) ghost, dark, or cloud kitchens, and (15) food
trucks.
Among other things, we and our affiliates also have the right to: (1) establish or license others to
establish (a) Restaurants anywhere outside of the Protected Area or (b) restaurants under marks
other than the Marks inside or outside the Protected Area, and/or (c) Non-Traditional Outlets
inside or outside the Protected Area; (2) offer or sell, or license others to offer or sell, any products
(including pre-packaged food products or ingredients) or services using the Marks or other marks
through any alternative distribution channels, including through e- commerce, mail order, catalog,
delivery, catering, or grocery, convenience, mass merchandise, drug, or other non-restaurant
retail stores inside or outside the Protected Area; (3) advertise, or authorize others to advertise,
using the Marks anywhere, including inside and outside of the Protected Area; and (4) acquire,
be acquired by, or merge with other companies with existing restaurants or food businesses
anywhere (including inside or outside the Protected Area) and, even if such businesses are
located in the Protected Area and offer competing products or services, (a) convert the other
businesses to the Zaxby’s name or (b) permit the other businesses to continue to operate under
another name. We will not compensate you for our activities in your Protected Area, including,
without limitation, any sales we make within your Protected Area.  New Restaurants that are
proposed near your Restaurant may be subject to our then-current Impact Policy, as published in
the Manual.
We will designate the Protected Area, in our sole discretion, during the site confirmation process
based upon the number of households, traffic count, foot traffic, competition, accessibility of the
location, population density and other demographic factors.  Because each Location is different,

Zaxby's - 04/24 FDD
-42-

the Protected Area for each Restaurant may be different; however, the Protected Area will
typically be a 0.25-mile radius around the Restaurant, which is the minimum size that we will
designate for a Protected Area.  If you execute a Development Agreement, in any Franchise
Agreements that you execute, the Protected Area will be determined in accordance with our then-
current standards for designating Protected Areas.
Your limited exclusive rights within the Protected Area do not depend on you achieving a certain
sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency.  However, if you default under your
Franchise Agreement, among other potential remedies including termination of the Franchise
Agreement, we may temporarily or permanently reduce the size of your Protected Area, in which
case the restrictions described above will not apply in the geographic area that was removed from
the Protected Area.
Serving Customers Outside of Protected Area.  The franchise granted to you under the
Franchise Agreement is limited to permitting the use of the System and the Marks in the operation
of the Restaurant only at the Location.  However, you may accept or solicit orders from customers
located inside or outside of your Protected Area.  In addition, you may provide food delivery and
catering services from your Location to customers located inside or outside the Protected Area in
accordance with the Manual and food delivery and catering programs periodically instituted by
us.  Currently, you may provide food delivery and catering services in the exclusive areas of other
Restaurants operating under the System and other franchisees of the System may provide the
same services in the Protected Area, but we may change these policies upon written notice to
you.  All food delivery and catering services will be for providing cooked products prepared at the
Restaurant for consumption.
Restrictions on You.  You may not use the Marks or the System in any wholesale, e-commerce,
or other channel of distribution besides the operation of the Restaurant at the Location and
catering and delivery services from your Location.  You may not offer products or services in
connection with the Marks on any website on the Internet or any other electronic communication
network unless we consent in writing.
Relocation.  If you lose the right to possess the premises of the Restaurant as a result of actual
or threatened governmental exercise of the power of eminent domain or the termination or your
lease agreement through no fault of or breach by you (a “Relocation Event”), you may relocate
the Restaurant to a substitute location.  You shall have 60 days after the date of a Relocation
Event within which to comply with the site selection process and obtain our written confirmation
of such proposed substitute location.  In addition to our standard requirements, we will not confirm
a site if we believe it will materially and adversely impact another Restaurant.  Once a substitute
site is confirmed and obtained in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, we and you will
execute a revised Location and Protected Area Schedule, which will confirm the new site as the
new Location.  You must acquire the site and construct and design the relocated Restaurant, at
your expense, in accordance with the Franchise Agreement.  You must reopen the relocated
Restaurant within 12 months of the Relocation Event.  You must pay the Substitute Royalty Fees
and Marketing Fees described in Item 6 from the date of the Relocation Event to the date your
Restaurant reopens.
No Additional Rights.  We do not reserve or offer options, rights of first refusal or similar rights
to you for additional franchises within or outside the Protected Area, except in accordance with
our Development Agreement.

Zaxby's - 04/24 FDD
-43-

Reservation of Rights.  We and our affiliates do not currently operate or franchise, or have plans
to operate or franchise, a business under a different trademark that will sell products similar to
the products offered through the Restaurant, though we and our affiliates reserve the right to do
so in the future.
Development Agreement
If you enter into a Development Agreement, you will have the right to develop a mutually agreed
upon number of Restaurants in the Development Area that we specify in accordance with the
Development Schedule.  The total number of Restaurants to be opened in your Development
Area, as well as the size of the Development Area, will be dependent upon a number of factors
such as (1) the number of Restaurants we grant you the right to open and operate; and (2) the
location and demographics of the general area where we mutually agree you will be opening
these locations.  The boundaries of your Development Area may be described in terms of zip
codes, streets, landmarks (both natural and man-made) or county lines, or otherwise delineated
on a map attached to the Development Agreement.
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement.  You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands that we control.  However, we will not grant rights to Developers
or franchisees to develop and operate a Restaurant (with the exception of Non-traditional Outlets)
within the Development Area during the term of the Development Agreement, except we may
permit (1) an existing Restaurant within the Development Area to relocate to another location
within the Development Area in accordance with our then-current relocation policy or (2) a
Restaurant within the Development Area that closed due to a Destruction Event (as defined
below) to reopen within the Development Area.
Among other things, we and our affiliates also have the right to: (1) establish or license others to
establish (a) Restaurants anywhere outside of the Development Area, (b) restaurants under
marks other than the Marks inside or outside the Development Area, and/or (c) Non-Traditional
Outlets inside or outside the Development Area; (2) offer or sell, or license others to offer or sell,
any products (including pre-packaged food products or ingredients) or services using the Marks
or other marks through any alternative distribution channels, including through e- commerce, mail
order, catalog, delivery, catering, or grocery, convenience, mass merchandise, drug, or other non-
restaurant retail stores inside or outside the Development Area; (3) advertise, or authorize others
to advertise, using the Marks anywhere, including inside and outside of the Development Area;
and (4) acquire, be acquired by, or merge with other companies with existing restaurants or food
businesses anywhere (including inside or outside the Development Area) and, even if such
businesses are located in the Development Area and offer competing products or services,
(a) convert the other businesses to the Zaxby’s name or (b) permit the other businesses to
continue to operate under another name. We will not compensate you for our activities in your
Development Area, including, without limitation, any sales we make within your Development
Area.
You must comply with your obligations under the Development Agreement, including your
development obligations under the Development Schedule, and the Franchise Agreement in order
to maintain your rights to develop Restaurants within the Development Area.  If you default in any
manner, including if you do not comply with your Development Schedule, under the Development
Agreement or if you or any of your affiliates default under any other agreement between you and
your affiliates and us and our affiliates, we may terminate your Development Agreement and any
further development rights you have under such agreement.  Upon the termination or expiration

Zaxby's - 04/24 FDD
-44-

of the Development Agreement, we may grant franchises for any number of Restaurants in such
Development Area to us, our affiliates, or third parties.
Instead of termination, we may at our option, and in our discretion, unilaterally modify the
Development Area and/or modify the Development Schedule to decrease the number of
Restaurants to be developed under the Development Agreement by written notice to you.  If we
reduce your Development Area or your Development Schedule due to an event of default, we will
not be obligated to refund any portion of the Development Fee to you.  Otherwise, we will not
modify the size of your Development Area except by mutual written agreement signed by both
parties.
If a Restaurant is destroyed or damaged by any cause beyond your control such that it may no
longer continue to be open for the operation of business (a “Destruction Event”), you must
diligently work to repair and restore the Restaurant to our approved plans and specifications as
soon as possible at the same location or at a substitute site accepted by us within the
Development Area.  Under such circumstances, the Restaurant will continue to be deemed a
“Restaurant in operation” for the purpose of the Development Agreement for up to 180 days after
the Destruction Event occurs.  If a Restaurant (1) is closed for any reason other than a Destruction
Event or (2) fails to reopen within 180 days after a Destruction Event, then we may terminate the
Development Agreement and all of your territorial rights, if any, will be eliminated.
The Development Agreement and your right to develop Restaurants in the Development Area will
expire on the earlier of (1) the last opening deadline date listed on the Development Schedule or
(2) the opening of the last Restaurant to be developed pursuant to the Development Schedule
unless the Development Agreement is terminated sooner.  Upon the expiration or termination of
the Development Agreement, your right to develop Restaurants within the Development Area will
be terminated.  However, Restaurants that you have opened will continue to operate under the
terms of the applicable Franchise Agreements.
Developers do not receive any other option, right of first refusal, or similar rights to develop
Restaurants within the development area or contiguous areas.