ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Development Agreement
You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement.  You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control.
If you sign a Development Agreement, you will receive a Development Territory, which will be
mutually agreed upon by CJR and you, taking into consideration the density of the area and the number of
Franchised Restaurants you agree to develop. A description of the Development Territory will be attached
as an appendix to the Development Agreement. The perimeters of the Development Territory may be
described by specific street boundaries, county lines, state lines, municipal boundaries, railroad tracks or
other similar boundary descriptions, and the size may range from a portion of a metropolitan area to a
county or a state in less densely populated areas.  You must obtain our prior written acceptance of each site
for a Franchised Restaurant, which will be based on our then-current standards for sites for Carl’s Jr.
The Carl’s Jr. System (including the products sold under the Proprietary Marks) have been
developed, and are designed, to function effectively in a wide variety of retail environments, many of which
are not practically available to you.  Accordingly, under the Development Agreement, we reserve to
ourselves the right to:  (A) operate and license others to operate Carl’s Jr. Restaurants in the Development
Territory that are located in travel plazas, gas stations or convenience stores; (B) operate and license others
to operate Carl’s Jr. Restaurants in the Development Territory that are located in airports, train stations, bus
stations, toll plazas, stadiums, arenas, convention centers, military facilities, schools, colleges, universities,
hospitals, recreational theme parks, business or industrial foodservice venues, venues in which foodservice
is or may be provided by a master concessionaire or contract foodservice provider, Indian reservations,
casinos, “ghost” or “dark” kitchens or any similar captive market location or non-traditional “brick and
mortar” location; (C) award national or regional licenses to third parties to sell products under the
Proprietary Marks in foodservice facilities primarily identified by the third party’s trademark; (D) develop
and operate and license others to develop and operate restaurants other than Carl’s Jr. Restaurants in the
Development Territory; (E) merchandise and distribute products identified by some or all of the Proprietary
Marks in the Development Territory through any other method or channel of distribution; and (F) sell and
distribute products identified by some or all of the Proprietary Marks in the Development Territory to
restaurants other than Carl’s Jr. Restaurants provided those restaurants are not licensed to use the
Proprietary Marks in connection with their retail sales.
Except as described in the preceding paragraph, we will not, during the term of the Development
Agreement, operate or license others to operate Carl’s Jr. Restaurants in the Development Territory,
provided you are in compliance with the terms of the Development Agreement and other agreements with
us or our affiliates and you are current on all obligations due us and our affiliates.  This does not prohibit
us or our affiliates from: (1) operating and licensing others to operate, during the term of the Development
Agreement, Carl’s Jr. Restaurants at any location outside of the Development Territory; (2) operating and
licensing others to operate, after the Development Agreement terminates or expires, Carl’s Jr. Restaurants
at any location; and (3) operating and licensing others to operate at any location, during or after the
Development Term, any type of restaurant other than a Carl’s Jr. Restaurant.
These restrictions apply only to CJR and do not apply to Carl’s Jr. Restaurants in operation in the
Development Territory as of the date of the Development Agreement.  Nothing shall prohibit CJR or its
affiliates from operating or licensing a restaurant at any location in or outside the Development Territory,

CJR-TR –FDD – 05/24

other than a restaurant in the Development Territory that primarily is identified by the name and mark
“Carl’s Jr.”
Continuation of the limited restrictions on our ability to operate and license others to operate Carl’s
Jr. Restaurants in the Development Territory does not depend on your achieving a certain sales volume,
market penetration or other contingency.  However, if you are in default under the Development Agreement
or any Franchise Agreement, we may terminate the Development Agreement and your limited rights in the
Development Territory.  There are no other circumstances in which we can unilaterally modify your limited
rights in the Development Territory.
There are no restrictions on the areas in which you may advertise or solicit customers for your
Franchised Restaurants; however, see Item 13 for Internet restrictions.  We reserve all rights to use and
license the Carl’s Jr. System other than those we expressly grant you under the Development Agreement,
the Franchise Agreement.  There are no restrictions on the areas in which we may advertise or solicit
customers, nor must we pay any compensation to you for soliciting or accepting orders from inside the
Development Territory.  The rights we reserve include the right to use any other channel of distribution,
including the Internet, to make sales in the Development Territory using the Proprietary Marks or different
proprietary marks.
Franchise Agreement
You will not receive any exclusive territory under the Franchise Agreement.  You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control.  You do not receive the right, under the Franchise Agreement, to
develop or operate more than one Franchised Restaurant.  Our prior written consent is required before you
relocate the Franchised Restaurant. If your right to possession of the Franchise Restaurant premises is lost
through no act or failure to act on your part, you may relocate the Franchised Restaurant if: (1) we accept
the new location; (2) you construct and equip a Franchised Restaurant at the new location in accordance
with the then-current System standards and specifications; (3) a Franchised Restaurant at the new location
is open to the public for business within 6 months after the loss of possession of the original franchised
location; and (4) you reimburse us for all reasonable expenses actually incurred by us in connection with
the acceptance of the new location.
You may only sell or distribute products identified by some or all of the Proprietary Marks from
the Franchised Location; you may not use any other method or channel of distribution.  We do not impose
any geographic restrictions on your ability to solicit customers; however, see Item 13 for Internet
restrictions. In addition, you must participate in all online ordering and delivery programs that we may
designate from time to time and comply with the terms and conditions of such programs, including any
geographic or other delivery restrictions. There are no restrictions on our ability to solicit customers, nor
must we pay any compensation to you for soliciting or accepting orders.  We reserve all rights to use and
license the Carl’s Jr. System other than those we expressly grant to you.  We reserve the right to
merchandise and distribute goods and services identified by the Proprietary Marks (or different proprietary
marks) through any method or channel of distribution, including the Internet.
As noted in Item 1, pursuant to the Management Agreement, CKR, at all times acting on our behalf,
may fulfill all of our duties and obligations under all existing and future Franchise Agreements and
Development Agreements, including managing the Carl’s Jr. System; marketing and offering new and
renewal Franchise Agreements and Development Agreements as our franchise broker; training franchisees
and their employees; and providing the required support to franchisees.  Pursuant to the same Management
Agreement, CKR, also fulfills all of HR’s duties and obligations under all existing and future franchise
agreements and development agreements for Hardee’s Restaurants, which are quick service restaurants

CJR-TR –FDD – 05/24

identified in whole or in part by the name “Hardee’s.”  Except in limited circumstances, Carl’s Jr.
Restaurants are not located in the same geographic area as Hardee’s Restaurants.  In the limited
circumstances where there is overlap, HR and its franchisees may solicit or accept orders within the same
area served by Restaurants operated by Carl’s Jr. franchisees, and any potential conflict between the
franchisees of each system will be resolved on a case by case basis. As noted in Item 1, the principal place
of business of CKR and HR is the same as ours.
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those
that our franchisees sell.  However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1 and
other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private equity funds managed
by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar goods or
services to those that our franchisees sell.  Item 1 describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer
franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are
franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks.  All of these other brands (with limited
exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training
facilities of our franchise network.  Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our
franchise network given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All
of the businesses that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from
customers near your business.  Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any conflicts
between our franchisees and our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and support, and we
have no obligation to resolve any perceived conflicts that might arise.