ITEM 12:
TERRITORY
The Franchise Agreement
You will operate the Restaurant at a specific location that we first must accept. If you have not
located the Restaurant’s premises as of the Franchise Agreement’s effective date, you must secure, by lease
or purchase, a suitable site with enough time to develop and open the Restaurant by the Required Opening
Date identified in the Franchise Agreement. We may terminate the Franchise Agreement if you do not
secure a site, develop, and open the Restaurant by the Required Opening Date identified in the Franchise
Agreement. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You also do not have any type of nonexclusive
territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control. We retain the right to operate or license
others to operate Baskin-Robbins Restaurants and other concepts, and to grant other licenses relating to the
Proprietary Marks, at such locations and on such terms as we choose. We may use or license others to use
the Proprietary Marks in ways that compete with your location and that draw customers from the same area
as your Restaurant.
You may not distribute products other than Menu Items at and through your Restaurant, including
alternative channels of distribution. We use alternative channels of distribution for our products and
trademarks, and we may expand our sale of products on a local, regional, national, or international basis.
We have the right to distribute (or license others to distribute) products identified by our trademarks (or by
any other name or trademark) anywhere and in any form (for example, in packages or otherwise), regardless
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
of the proximity to your location, through any distribution methods or channels. These other sources of
distribution could compete with you. Among others, we reserve the right to distribute goods and services
through the Internet and other electronic communications, telephone, mail or other methods, regardless of
the destination of the products or services.
If you wish to relocate your Restaurant, you must seek our approval in writing and provide us all
the information that we need to evaluate your proposal. Any such request will be subject to our prior written
approval of the proposed new site and our determination that you have met our then-current criteria for
relocation. Our approval process for a proposed relocation is substantially the same process as it is for
considering a proposed new location. Among other requirements to be approved for a relocation, you must
be current with all your obligations to us and our affiliates, and you may be required to sign our then-current
form of Franchise Agreement (which may be materially different than your original form of Franchise
Agreement), and you may be required to pay all required fees to us and our affiliates.
If we and any Other Franchisor grant you the right to operate a Baskin-Robbins Restaurant and one
or more Other Restaurants at a Multi-Brand Location, Other Franchisor(s) may grant you territorial
exclusivity which will be described in Other Franchisor’s FDD and/or Other Franchise Agreement.
Store Development Agreement
If we grant you the right to open more than one Baskin-Robbins Restaurant, you must sign a Store
Development Agreement together with the first Franchise Agreement. Under the Store Development
Agreement, you will be granted the right to develop 2 or more Baskin-Robbins Restaurants within the Store
Development Area. So long as you are fully complying with the terms of the Store Development
Agreement, and you and your affiliates are fully complying with all other agreements between us and our
affiliates, then during the term of the Store Development Agreement we will not operate, or authorize any
other party to operate, another Baskin-Robbins Restaurant within the Store Development Area, except (i)
we may grant franchises to you and your Controlled Affiliates within the Store Development Area; (ii) for
any Baskin-Robbins Restaurants already located or under development within the Store Development Area
that we identify on an Exhibit to the Store Development Agreement, and (iii) for certain SDO opportunities
in the Store Development Area.
Our rights are intended to maximize potential distribution of Baskin-Robbins products within the
Store Development Area. Typically, Store Development Areas are relatively limited in size and scope. The
Store Development Area’s size and development requirements may reflect other factors, including the term
of the Store Development Agreement, the number of Restaurants to be developed, length of time to develop
Restaurants in the area, retail shopping facilities, major employment centers, transportation centers (train
stations, bus terminals, etc.), key traffic intersections, interstate highway ramps, and population.
As part of your review of a particular trade area or territory, we may (but are not required to)
provide you with certain information such as: (a) maps indicating existing Restaurants and/or competitor
locations and may highlight potential areas of interest to us; and (b) demographic reports (including
population and median household income) generated by third parties. It is important you validate the
information we provide to you. We do not draw any inferences regarding Restaurant performance from the
map or demographic information we share with you, and you may not draw any inferences from them
either. We also do not represent or guarantee that the existence of a certain level of demographics, maps or
trade area characteristics will translate to a certain level of financial performance, and you may not draw
any such inferences based upon any of the information we provide to you. The information is not provided
for that purpose.
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
If you sign a Store Development Agreement, you will be responsible for developing at least the
minimum number of Restaurants set forth in the Store Development Agreement. We determine the size of
the Store Development Area, the number of Restaurants, the duration of the Store Development Agreement
and the development schedule across the Store Development Agreement. Each proposed location must be
submitted to us for our review, must meet our design standards, and may be developed only if we provide
our prior written approval. If you do not continue to meet our then-current guidelines for multi-restaurant
development and ownership, then our approval of your development or opening of scheduled Restaurants
may be withheld. You will be granted limited territorial protected rights during the term of the Store
Development Agreement. You must open and continuously operate Baskin-Robbins Restaurants in the
Store Development Area according to the Development Schedule to maintain your rights under the Store
Development Agreement. If you do not comply with the Development Schedule or the other provisions of
the Store Development Agreement or any Franchise Agreement, then, among other things, we may
terminate the Store Development Agreement.
If you are offered and you sign a Store Development Agreement with one or more conditional
options to extend, you will need to execute an Addendum to the Store Development Agreement and meet
all conditions outlined in that Addendum to exercise those options. We do not anticipate making this option
to extend available to anyone who is developing more than 3 Restaurants and it will not necessarily be
available for all Store Development Agreements of 3 Restaurants or less. We may modify or cancel this
program at any time.
If we approve your addition of a Dunkin’ Restaurant to your Restaurant, you will be required to
pay to our affiliate, DD, an additional IFF, and you will need to execute a Combo Franchise Agreement. If
we grant you the right to develop multiple Combo Restaurants, then you will execute a Combo Store
Development Agreement. (See Item 5.)
In addition, if there are Restaurants operated by other Baskin-Robbins franchisees in the Store
Development Area, then we reserve the right to approve the relocation of each of those Restaurants within
its already-existing trade area.
For each Restaurant you develop under the Store Development Agreement, you will sign a
Franchise Agreement. Under the Franchise Agreement, you will be granted the right to operate one
Restaurant at a specific location that is specified in the Franchise Agreement or its exhibits, and only at that
location. You will not be granted any additional rights, any minimum territory, or other protected rights.
Unless your Store Development Agreement provides for additional development, you do not have
a right to develop and open additional Restaurants. You also will not have any options or similar rights to
acquire additional Restaurants. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from
other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution, from products we
license, or competitive brands that we control.
Affiliated Franchised Brands
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or
franchise, any business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those
that our franchisees sell. However, our affiliates, including the Affiliated Programs described in Item 1 and
other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private equity funds managed
by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar goods or
services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes our current Affiliated Programs that offer
franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are
franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks. All of these other brands (with limited exceptions)
Baskin-Robbins | 2024 FDD
ACTIVE\1607967157.3
maintain offices and training facilities that are physically separate from the offices and training facilities of
our franchise network. Most of the Affiliated Programs are not direct competitors of our franchise network
given the products or services they sell, although some are, as described in Item 1. All of the businesses
that our affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from customers near your
business. Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any conflicts between our franchisees and
our affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve
any perceived conflicts that might arise.