ITEM 12
TERRITORY

We grant you the right, subject to the terms provided below, to use the Snap-on Program, and to
purchase Products from us for resale only at the locations identified on your List of Calls.  “Products”
are the tools and equipment manufactured and/or distributed by us and made available by us for resale
by franchisees.

The List of Calls consists of a series of business addresses or “stops” at which we have determined
that there are, or should be, tool users who purchase their own tools.  While the number of potential
customers at locations on a List of Calls will vary to some extent from franchisee to franchisee, it is
our intent that each List of Calls contains at least 200 potential Core Customers at the time a Franchise
Agreement is signed.  Potential “Core Customers” are full-time professional mechanics and other
customers who are required to furnish their own tools in the normal course of their business.  This
may include, but not be limited to, potential Core Customers at the following types of businesses:  1)
Auto General Repair, 2) Auto Dealership, 3) Auto Specialized Repair, 4) Auto Services, 5) Body Shop,
6) Tire Repair, 7) Fleet Repair; Transit (non-government), 8) Truck Repair, 9) Other Automotive, 10)
Retail: Electronics/Hardware, 11) Motorcycle, 12) Marine Shop, 13) Aviation, 14) Construction, 15)
Agriculture/Landscape, 16) Small Engine Repair, 17) Machine Shops, 18) Government: Cities,
Schools, 19) Resorts, Casinos, Country Clubs, 20) Manufacturing/Utilities.  Remember, these are
potential Core Customers, which does not mean that they all will purchase Products from you or that
they all are creditworthy.  It simply means that it is up to you to sell Products on terms you deem
appropriate to the potential Core Customers at locations on your List of Calls.  The business located
at a stop and/or the number of potential Core Customers located at a stop will change from time to
time during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  It is not possible for us to assure you that you will
have the same number of potential Core Customers, or even 200 potential Core Customers, during
the entire term of your Franchise Agreement, particularly in markets which have negative economic
changes.

In addition to Core Customers, the List of Calls identifies potential additional tool purchasers either at
the same or additional business addresses who are not considered potential Core Customers
according to Snap-on's criteria, but to whom you are allowed to sell Products and are identified as
potential “Exception Customers”.

You have or will have prior to signing a Franchise Agreement been given the opportunity to ride with
one or more current franchisees and spend a day with them.  The purpose is to expose you to how
the Snap-on Program works and for that reason we use franchisees who perform well in the business.
We believe it is important to give you this exposure, but you should not assume that your route will
have the same number or type of customers as that franchisee.  It is merely intended to give you the
experience of being on a Snap-on truck and observing how the Snap-on Program works.  This is not
a substitute for conducting your own due diligence about the business.



02/24
You will receive the List of Calls along with the completed Franchise Agreement at least seven
calendar days prior to signing your Franchise Agreement, which will allow you to understand the
potential Core Customers and Exception Customers, as well as the Dual Stops, on your List of Calls
prior to signing the Franchise Agreement.  It is important that you use this time to be sure that you are
satisfied with your List of Calls before you sign your Franchise Agreement.  It is your responsibility to
perform this due diligence.  If you request, we will provide you with assistance in reviewing your List
of Calls, which may even include making a Snap-on employee or other representative of Snap-on
available to ride through some or all of the stops on your List of Calls to help you identify stops and
potential customers and answer questions you might have prior to signing your Franchise Agreement.

You will not receive an exclusive territory.  You may face competition from us or other third parties or
from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control (as described in this
Item 12).

Except as provided below, during the term of your Franchise Agreement, if you are not in default under
your Franchise Agreement, Snap-on will not sell, or license others to sell, Products at those locations
identified on your List of Calls without your consent.  Snap-on and its affiliates sell or may in the future
sell Products bearing the principal trademark or other trademarks owned by Snap-on or its affiliates
at locations in the geographic area near the stops described on the List of Calls.

You are not permitted to use the Snap-on Program or sell Products at any location not identified as
a stop on your List of Calls (even if the location is adjacent to or near stops on your List of Calls), or
to any customer or purchaser who moves to a location not identified as a stop on your List of Calls.
You may not use alternative methods of distribution, such as through social media, apps or commercial
internet sites or catalogs, to sell to customers that are not at locations on your List of Calls.

We may offer you an Additional Franchise if you have consistently met Snap-on’s standards for quality,
service and professionalism and otherwise meet Snap-on guidelines for expansion as determined
from time to time by Snap-on.  You do not have a right of first refusal or any similar right to acquire
additional franchises.

Adjustment to List of Calls.  If you want to use the Snap-on Program or sell Products at any location
not on your List of Calls, you must notify your Snap-on field management contact and request that the
additional stop(s) be added to your List of Calls.  We will not unreasonably withhold or delay our
consent to add these stop(s) to your List of Calls.  When we are determining whether to add stop(s)
to your List of Calls, we will consider a number of factors, including among other things, the number
of customers and potential customers on your List of Calls, the proximity of the additional stops(s) to
stops currently on your List of Calls and the service you provide to customers and potential customers
on your List of Calls.

Customers expect high quality service from Snap-on franchisees.  Accordingly, we reserve the right
to remove a stop or stops from your List of Calls if (i) you fail to service customers and/or solicit
potential customers at a stop for 30 days or more or (ii) your access to the stop is denied by the
customer or shop owner.  We will provide you written notice of an adjustment to your List of Calls at
least 10 days before the adjustment takes effect.

We may survey customers at stops on your List of Calls as we, in our reasonable business judgment,
believe necessary or advisable.

If you are purchasing a Renewal Franchise, your List of Calls will be modified to reflect the current
status of potential customers and stops on your List of Calls.

If you are purchasing the assets of an existing Snap-on franchisee as a Transfer Franchise, we will
update and develop a List of Calls that will likely differ from the List of Calls serviced by the
predecessor franchisee.  It is our intent to provide as similar a List of Calls as possible.


02/24
National Accounts Program.  We exclusively reserve the right to develop and operate the Snap-on
National Accounts Program and other related programs.  Through these programs, we (or our
designee) sell and/or distribute Products, tools, equipment, other merchandise and services to
purchasers on a national or regional contract basis.  You will receive a brokerage fee on sales of
Products made through the Snap-on National Accounts Program directly to customers at a stop on
your List of Calls, according to a commission schedule that we periodically publish.  These programs
do not offer commissions on all merchandise (that is, merchandise which is not a Product).  Also, in
some cases, we will not determine the merchandise distributed through the program, which will be
selected by the customer on whose behalf we (or our affiliates) run the program (such as an original
equipment manufacturer who designates the use of certain tools or equipment by its mechanics).
These policies and procedures are made available to you and are subject to change from time to time.

Industrial Stops.  We exclusively reserve the right to contact and sell Products to industrial users,
railroads, aerospace/airlines, manufacturers, central purchasing offices, government installations and
institutions, public or private schools (including students at the schools) and all other potential
customers who require scientific information, special devices, special services and/or technical and
engineering data or who require special procurement procedures (“Industrial Stop(s)”).  If an Industrial
Stop employs professional mechanics who purchase their own tools, we may, but we are not obligated
to, include that Industrial Stop on your List of Calls only for the purpose of permitting you to sell
Products to those mechanics.  This is known as a “Dual Stop.”  We, in our reasonable business
judgment, determine whether a stop or customer is an Industrial Stop or a Dual Stop; such
determination may change during the term of your Franchise Agreement.

The Student Excellence Program (“SEP”) is administered by Snap-on Industrial and offers special
pricing for full-time students attending school to train in auto, diesel, collision repair, aircraft
maintenance and other tool using disciplines.  Unless specific permission is granted, franchisees are
not permitted to service schools, and SEP program pricing to these students is not offered through
franchisees.

Internet Sales.  We sell Products that customers may order over the internet.  While the typical
internet customer is not a professional mechanic, it is possible that a customer at a stop on your List
of Calls might place a direct order with us over the internet for the purchase of a Product.  While this
is not a sale of a Product at a location on your List of Calls, it is our policy to ask customers placing
an internet order if they have a franchisee servicing them and if the customer gives the name of the
franchisee, we provide a commission on the internet sale to the franchisee servicing the customer.
This is our current policy, which we may change at any time, including eliminating the payment of a
commission.

Racing Teams.  We sponsor various racing teams and as part of the sponsorship provide tool storage
units and other tools and equipment, which are Products, to the racing teams.  You will not receive
any compensation for Products provided by Snap-on to a racing team even if the racing team is on
your List of Calls.  We believe that this ultimately benefits franchisees that have a racing team on their
List of Calls by having the team use Snap-on tools rather than the tools of a competitor.  Most
franchisees do not have Snap-on sponsored racing teams on their List of Calls.

Digital Creators. We may partner from time to time with various digital creators in the automotive
repair industry. As part of those partnerships, we may provide Products to the creators. Some of those
creators may be on a List of Calls. You will not receive any compensation for Products we provide at
no cost to a creator, even if the creator is on your List of Calls. We believe this ultimately benefits you
if you have a Snap-on sponsored digital creator on your List of Calls because the digital creator is
using Snap-on tools rather than the tools of a competitor, and you are the authorized franchise
servicing the digital creator. Most of our Franchisees do not have Snap-on sponsored digital creators
on their List of Calls.



02/24
Other Channels of Distribution.  We and our affiliates may sell tools and equipment through various
channels of distribution during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  The tools and equipment which
we and our affiliates make available through these different channels of distribution may be Products,
or may be similar in design and functionality to the Products that you sell. In some instances,
distribution through these other channels may include Products which will be sold near locations on
your List of Calls or may include tools and equipment which are similar in design and functionality to
Products and may be sold to customers on your List of Calls.

We reserve the right to establish or utilize other channels of distribution using the trademark “Snap-
on” or different trademarks.  These channels of distribution encompass sales by us and third parties
to distributors, customers and consumers and may include, without limitation, catalog sales,
telemarketing or other direct marketing sales, mail order, retail sales, internet sales and other forms
of electronic commerce.  The trademarks and brand names may include Snap-on, Blue-Point,
BAHCO, Blackhawk, Challenger, Car-O-Liner, Hofmann, Kansas Jack, Williams, Sioux, John Bean,
Dealer-FX, Mitchell1, Pro-Cut, Sun, Power Hawk, AutoCrib, Norbar, Ecotechnics, and new trademarks
that may include the trademark “Snap-on”.  We may establish some of these channels of distribution
through acquisition.

Except as otherwise provided above, we do not intend to sell or license others to sell Products at the
locations on your List of Calls.  However, in the event that any sale of Products takes place at the
locations on your List of Calls, we will on a case by case basis use reasonable efforts to resolve
conflicts (if any) that may result from these sales.

We may sell other items, including licensed merchandise, products and services under the trademark
“Snap-on” or trademarks that include the trademark “Snap-on” directly to consumers, customers or to
resellers.

Repair Systems and Information Group.  We have a network of Diagnostics Sales Developers who
provide sales support and product training for certain Snap-on products in the United States.  If a
Diagnostics Sales Developer is assigned to work with you, he/she will assist you in the sale of Snap-
on branded diagnostics equipment.  Diagnostics Sales Developers will work with certain franchisees
to identify sales leads and respond to customer needs.  The level of assistance and amount of time
made available by the Diagnostics Sales Developers for sales assistance and product training to
customers at stops on a List of Calls will vary from franchisee to franchisee and you may not receive
any dedicated assistance or service under this Program.  The Diagnostics Sales Developer also plans
to sell Snap-on branded diagnostics equipment directly, as well as ShopKey, including by means of
electronic commerce and internet sales, and other direct sales.  You may share in the proceeds of
these sales if they are to customers at stops on your List of Calls either through the franchisee discount
program, or through a brokerage fee program for these sales.  We make no representations as to the
brokerage fees or sales commissions you may make through these programs.  We will determine the
terms of these programs and may change them during the term of your Franchise Agreement,
including potentially to suspend or terminate the assistance and service being provided to you by any
Diagnostics Sales Developer.

Equipment Sales Through Snap-on Equipment.  Snap-on Equipment offers equipment under
trademarks other than Snap-on, including John Bean, Hofmann, Blackhawk, Challenger, Kansas Jack,
and Ecotechnics, for sale directly or through distributors to customers, including customers who may
be at stops on your List of Calls.  Some of this equipment may be similar in design and functionality
to Products and may be marketed to customers at stops on your List of Calls.  You will be encouraged
to provide leads to Snap-on Equipment and Pro-Cut regarding customers at stops on your List of Calls
who have an interest in purchasing certain equipment marketed by Snap-on Equipment and Pro-Cut,
respectively, such as aligners, wheel balancers, tire changers, and brake lathes.  If a sale is
consummated to the customer on your List of Calls within 120 days after you provide this lead, you
will receive a brokerage commission.  If Snap-on Equipment or Pro-Cut, as applicable, makes a sale
to a customer on your List of Calls for which you have not provided the lead or more than 120 days


02/24
after you provide the lead, no brokerage commission will be paid.  We make no representation as to
the brokerage commissions you may make through this program.  We will periodically determine the
terms of this program, including products which will qualify for brokerage commission and the rate of
commission paid.  We may change the terms of this program during the term of your Franchise
Agreement, including the right to discontinue the payment of any brokerage commission.