ITEM 12.
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets
that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  When you sign
a Franchise Agreement, you will receive the right to operate one Anytime Fitness center at a specific
location that we must approve.  If the site for your Anytime Fitness center has been identified before you
FDD
sign the Franchise Agreement, then you must operate the center at that site. If the site becomes unavailable
to you for any reason, it is your obligation to select a new location, and to obtain our approval of that
location before you acquire the site, and before you obtain any rights in the location. If a site has not been
identified , then we will designate an area, and you may locate your Anytime Fitness center at any site we
approve within that area, so long as the site you select is not also within a territory of another Anytime
Fitness center or an Anytime fitness franchisee. You must operate your Anytime Fitness center at that
approved site.
Protected Territory
Once the site for your Anytime Fitness center has been approved, we will grant you a protected territory.
(If you sign an Area Development Agreement with us, we will also give you a protected territory at the
time you sign that agreement.) The limitations on us in that territory are described below.
If you sign an Area Development Agreement (“ADA”), we will describe this territory in the Rider to that
agreement. The territory will typically be described as a geographic area in which each of your Anytime
Fitness centers must be developed. The criteria we use for determining these territories is simply geographic
markets in which we believe it may be feasible to develop an Anytime Fitness center. If you are in
compliance with the Development Schedule set forth in the Rider, then until your protected territory rights
expire, we will not develop or operate or grant anyone else a franchise to develop and operate an Anytime
Fitness center from any location in the Development Territory, except for fitness centers within private
establishments where access to these centers is limited to employees of the business, or transient guests of
the business who, in either case, would not have reciprocity with any other Anytime Fitness center as a
result of their use or membership in this private center.  However, we do have the right to operate, or grant
others the right to do so, fitness studios/businesses except under the Anytime Fitness name within or outside
your protected territory, and fitness studios/businesses operated under the Anytime Fitness name or Marks
outside your protected territory, even if they compete for members with your center, and even if the
territorial boundaries for that franchise overlap with the boundaries for your territory. You will not receive
an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from
other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
You will sign the Franchise Agreement for your first Anytime Fitness center contemporaneously with
signing the ADA.  You will sign our then-current Franchise Agreement for each subsequent Anytime
Fitness center that you open according to the development schedule in the ADA. We will determine or
approve the site of any future Anytime Fitness centers and any protected territories for those Anytime
Fitness centers based on our then-current standards for sites and territories.
Your rights in this territory will end at the earlier of (i) the date your ADA expires or terminates; (ii) the
date on which your last Anytime Fitness center must open under the terms of the Development Schedule;
or (iii) the date when the individual protected territories given to you under a franchise agreement for your
final Anytime Fitness center are determined. If the protected territory covers more than one city, county or
designated market area, the protection for each particular city, county or designated market area will also
expire on the date when we determine the protected territory to be given to you under a franchise agreement
for your final Anytime Fitness center to be developed in that city, county or designated market area. When
your rights in a protected territory have expired under the ADA, you will still have the rights granted to you
in any portion of these territories under an individual Franchise Agreement.
You are responsible if we terminate the ADA because you are unable to secure one or more acceptable,
proposed locations to fulfill the development schedule in your ADA. If you fail to meet the terms of the
development schedule in your ADA or you fail to develop a Anytime Fitness center on or before the
Required Opening Date in your Franchise Agreement, we can terminate your ADA and/or Franchise
FDD
Agreement(s) in their entirety and you are not entitled to a refund of any of the Development Fees or Initial
Franchise Fees paid.
When you sign a Franchise Agreement, we will give you a protected territory and describe it in a Rider to
that agreement.
To identify your protected territory, we will use mapping and demographic software to draw a circle around
your location.  The determination of your protected territory is within our sole discretion.  The radius of the
circle identifying the protected territory may vary, but will be no larger than 3 miles and your protected
territory will include a population of no more than 30,000 people. We may attach a map to your Franchise
Agreement that will identify the protected territory or we may simply describe an area surrounding your
location. Protected territories may overlap, but we will not approve anyone opening an Anytime Fitness
center, or relocating an Anytime Fitness center, into a protected territory given to another Anytime Fitness
center.  (By way of example, one person may have an Anytime Fitness center in the center of City A, with
a territory of 2 miles in all directions, while another person has an Anytime Fitness center in the center of
City B, located 3 miles away from the site of the first franchisee’s Anytime Fitness center, and also with a
territory of 2 miles.  While the protected territories overlap, each franchisee’s business is located outside
the protected territory of the other franchisee, and it cannot be relocated within the other franchisee’s
protected territory).  We cannot unilaterally change your protected territory, and there are no minimum
quotas required; as long as your Franchise Agreement is in effect, you will retain the rights described in
this paragraph.   If we and you agree to renew your Anytime Fitness franchise, we will recalculate the
population in your market and reserve the right to modify your protected territory in accordance with our
then-current guidelines.
The criteria we use for determining the boundaries of the protected territory in your Franchise Agreement
include density of population, growth trends of population, apparent degree of affluence of population, the
density of residential and business entities, traffic generators, driving time, and natural boundaries.  During
the term of your Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or license to anyone else the right to operate an
Anytime Fitness center that is physically located in your protected territory, except for fitness centers within
private establishments where access to those centers is limited to employees of the business, or transient
guests of the business who, in either case, would not have reciprocity with any other Anytime Fitness center
as a result of their use or membership in this private center.  However, we and our affiliates can operate
fitness studios/businesses, or grant others the right to do so, outside your protected territory, including
fitness studios/businesses operated under the Anytime Fitness name or Marks, even if they compete for
members with your center, and even if the territorial boundaries for that franchise overlap with the
boundaries for your territory.  We and our affiliates also have the right to operate, and to grant franchises
or licenses to others to operate, any fitness studios/businesses and any other business from locations within
this territory under trademarks other than “Anytime Fitness”, without compensation to you.
We  may also have situations where we designate a “TBD” (to be determined) territory. If you receive a
TBD territory, you have the right to look for a site in any area that has not already been given as a protected
territory to another Anytime Fitness center. However, if you find a proposed site in near proximity to
another Anytime Fitness center, even though not in that center’s protected territory, we may offer the site
to the existing franchisee before we agree to assign that area to you or grant you the right to develop your
studio at that site.
Relocation
You must provide us at least 60 days’ prior notice and obtain our consent before you intend to relocate your
Anytime Fitness center. The new location must be within your protected territory, and it may not be located
within any territory we grant to any other franchisee.  You must upgrade the new space to comply with all
of our current specifications.
FDD
Customers
We do not restrict the customers you may serve, and you generally may solicit customers outside your
territory, including through channels of distribution such as the Internet, telemarketing or other direct
marketing sales.  However, you may not offer or sell products and services via the Internet, including live-
streaming or recorded classes or sessions, trainings, or work-outs or via an application, web-based or
otherwise (whether inside or outside your protected territory).  You may not, without our consent (which
we may withhold in our sole discretion), solicit businesses or organizations located outside your geographic
market for the purpose of soliciting their employees to join your Anytime Fitness center when those
employees will not be predominantly using your facility.  In addition, all of your advertising must be
approved by us in writing before you publish or distribute such marketing materials.  We and our affiliates
have the right to sell products and services (like apparel, nutritional counseling, nutritional supplements,
and health and fitness related services) to your members and to others in and outside your territory, using
the “Anytime Fitness®” name, or using any other name, through any channel of distribution, including the
Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, and may do so in your territory without any
compensation to you.  We and our affiliates may use our website or otherwise to provide to your members
and others web-based or application-based fitness instruction.
Options, Rights of First Refusal, or Similar Rights
Except as provided above, you will not receive any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to
additional franchises.
Similar Affiliated Brands
Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or franchise, any
business under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that our
franchisees sell.  However, our current and future affiliates may operate and/or franchise businesses that
sell similar goods or services to those that our franchisees sell.  Item 1 describes our current affiliates that
offer franchises, their principal business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their
businesses are franchised and/or company-owned, and their trademarks.  As described in Item 1, we have
3 affiliates that offer franchises under different trademarks and sell goods and services that are similar to
those offered by us.
Our affiliate, Basecamp, operates and franchises the operation of studio fitness centers under the trademark
“Basecamp® Fitness” which offer memberships allowing members to take short, regularly scheduled group
training classes designed using High Intensity Interval Training strategies.  Basecamp has the same
principal business address as we do and does not maintain physically separate offices or training facilities.
Our affiliate, The Bar Method Franchising, franchises the operation of boutique fitness studios that offer
barre-based exercise classes using proprietary and non-proprietary instructional techniques, formats and
methods designed to provide fitness training in an attractive atmosphere.  The Bar Method Franchising has
the same principal business address as we do and does not maintain physically separate offices or training
facilities.  Our affiliate, OTF Franchisor, operates and franchises the operation of studios in the United
States under the trademark “ORANGETHEORY®” that offer members access to exercise equipment,
including cardio and strength equipment, in a contemporary atmosphere characterized by its signature
orange color scheme and trade dress.  OTF Franchisor’s principal business address is 6000 Broken Sound
Pkwy NW, Suite 200, Boca Raton, Florida 33487.  It maintains physically separate offices and training
facilities from the other brands discussed above.
FDD
There may be now, or in the future, OrangeTheory, Basecamp Fitness and/or Bar Method locations in the
same market as current or future Anytime Fitness franchisee territory(ies).  All of the businesses that our
affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept business from customers near your business.
If there is a conflict between us and a Basecamp Fitness franchisee and/or Bar Method franchisee or
between an Anytime Fitness franchisee and a Basecamp Fitness franchisee and/or a Bar Method franchisee,
in either case regarding territory, customers or franchisor support, we will attempt to resolve the conflict
after taking into account the specific facts of each situation and what is in the best interest of the affected
system or systems.  However, we do not have a policy related to, and are not responsible for, resolving
conflicts between an Anytime Fitness franchisee and an OrangeTheory franchisee.  We also have no
obligation to resolve conflicts between or among Basecamp Fitness and Bar Method franchisees.