ITEM 12:  TERRITORY

A.
Your territory.


As we mentioned in part D of Item 11 of this FDD, before you enter into a Franchise Agreement
with us, we will negotiate the definition of an area within which you may locate a site for your service
center. We will describe this area in the New Construction Addendum to the Franchise Agreement.  If you
do not locate a site or build a service center within the time provided in the New Construction Addendum,
we can terminate the New Construction Addendum and Franchise Agreement and sell a franchise in that
area to any other prospective franchisee. Other franchisees can then develop a service center at any location
in that area (including locations you may have considered).


Once you locate and commit to develop a specific, approved site within the area defined in the
New Construction Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, that site will be identified in the Rider to the
New Construction Addendum to the Franchise Agreement, and after that, the area described in the New
Construction Addendum has no more relevance to the Franchise Agreement.


Subject to any rights we have already granted to other franchisees, without your consent we will
not (i) permit another franchisee to open a service center within three miles of your service center; or (ii)
establish or operate a service center within three miles of your service center.  Jiffy Lube can license
another franchisee to open a service center or establish or operate a service center at any location outside
of this three-mile ring.  You will not have any rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire a new
franchise outside of this three-mile ring.


Under the Franchise Agreement, we do not have any obligation to let you replace a service center
or open additional service centers. If you permanently closed a service center, however, with our consent,
more than ten years before the expiration of the initial term of your Franchise Agreement, and if we have
accepted the new Franchised Center as a replacement for such permanently closed service center (the
“Replacement Center”), then we will have earned, and you will pay to us our replacement fee of $12.500.
A Replacement Center will exist if: (a) you are a Jiffy Lube franchisee, (b) we agree, in our sole discretion,
that you may close an existing Jiffy Lube service center, and the franchise agreement for that service center
had more than ten years remaining on its initial term (we are under no obligation to agree to this), (c) we
have accepted the proposed Replacement Center as a replacement for the closed service center, (d) the
proposed Replacement Center is within the same basic trade area (three mile radius) of the closed service
center to be relocated, and (e) the proposed Replacement Center does not materially interfere with the
trade area protected for another Service Center not operated by the Franchisee.  Circumstances we would
consider if you ask to replace a service center would include the demographic characteristics, traffic, and
relative costs of the old and proposed new locations, along with other considerations. If we allow you to
replace a service center under a  Franchise Agreement, you must sign a new franchise agreement and/or
any other required documents included in the addendums to the Pacesetter Franchise Agreement (which
must be the then current form of the Pacesetter Franchise Agreement, which may include terms that differ
substantially from the terms of the Franchise Agreement including, without limitation, requirements to

March 2024 Jiffy Lube FDD - Pacesetter



offer specified services, a higher advertising contribution,  increased royalty fees, and the additions of
other fees), with the term of the new franchise agreement modified to expire at the end of the term of your
current Franchise Agreement.  Under the Pacesetter Franchise Agreement, you must sign a New
Construction Addendum or Conversion Addendum and pay the replacement fee on such signing.

Under the Franchise Agreement, we do not have any obligation to let you relocate a service center
or open additional service centers. If you permanently closed a service center, however, with our consent,
more than five years before the expiration of the initial term of your Franchise Agreement, and if we have
accepted the new Franchised Center as a replacement for such permanently closed service center (the
“Relocated Center”), then we will have earned, and you will pay to us our relocation fee of $7,500.  A
Relocated Center will exist if: (a) you are a Jiffy Lube franchisee, (b) we agree that you may close an
existing Jiffy Lube service center, and the franchise agreement for that service center had more than five
years remaining on its initial term (we are under no obligation to agree to this), (c) we have accepted the
proposed Relocated Center as a replacement for the closed service center, (d) the proposed Relocated
Center is within the same basic trade area (three mile radius) of the closed service center to be relocated,
and (e) the proposed Relocated Center does not interfere with the trade area protected for another Service
Center not operated by the Franchisee.  Circumstances we would consider if you ask to relocate a service
center would include the demographic characteristics and relative costs of the old and proposed new
locations, along with other considerations.  If we allow you to relocate a service center under a Franchise
Agreement, you must sign a new franchise agreement and/or any other required documents included in
the addendums to the Pacesetter Franchise Agreement (which must be the then-current form of the
Pacesetter Franchise Agreement, which may include terms that differ substantially from the terms of the
Franchise Agreement including, without limitation, requirements to offer specified services, a higher
advertising contribution,  increased royalty fees, and the additions of other fees), with the term of the new
franchise agreement modified to expire at the end of the term of your current Franchise Agreement.  Under
the Pacesetter Franchise Agreement, you must sign a New Construction Addendum or Conversion
Addendum and pay the relocation fee on such signing.


We reserve the right to establish company-owned service centers outside of any territory granted
to you.  We reserve the right to develop businesses other than the System, other businesses using the
Marks, and conduct activities (including, without limitation, advertising under the Marks) other than the
operation and franchising of service centers and to use any trademark, service mark or trade name in
connection with those other businesses, both within and outside the three-mile ring and regardless of the
economic effect on you, all without granting you any right to use those other business formats, service
marks, trademarks or trade names.


As noted in Item 1, in very limited instances we may negotiate an area development agreement.
We anticipate that this area development agreement will grant the right to sign multiple franchise
agreements for the establishment of service centers in a designated area and that we will agree not to grant
others the right to establish service centers in the area during the term of the agreement.  As of the date of
this FDD, we do not have a standard or sample form of an area development agreement.

B.
Other outlets under other trademarks.


SOPUS Products sells Shell®, Pennzoil®, Quaker State® brand motor oils, greases, transmission
fluids, filters and other products to some of our franchised centers, and to other customers, including some
that compete with our service centers.


As we mentioned in Item 1, SOPUS Products has licensed, and plans to continue to license, its
“Pennzoil 10-Minute Oil Change®” trademark and the Shell Rapid Lube® trademark to operators of quick
lube centers.  Under the Product Supply Agreement and the Product Supply Franchise Agreement, SOPUS
Products will not (a) authorize any new “Pennzoil 10-Minute Oil Change” signs within a two mile radius

March 2024 Jiffy Lube FDD - Pacesetter



of your service center (except to replace a sign installed before you executed your Product Supply
Agreement), or (b) extend major financing to any free-standing quick lube center located within one mile
of your service center. (As used in the Product Supply Agreement, “major financing” is defined to include
financing substantially in excess of that generally offered by marketers of Castrol®, Valvoline® or other
major brands of oil in order to obtain the borrower’s commitment to purchase that marketer's brand of oil).
The Product Supply Agreement does not restrict SOPUS Products’ ability to authorize its customers to
display other signs related to the Pennzoil®, Quaker State® or Shell® brands, no matter how close to your
service center.


We do not have any policy or procedure for resolving “conflicts” over territory or customers
between service centers, on the one hand, and SOPUS Products or Shell customers operating under other
trade names, on the other.

C.
Modification of your territory.


The continuation of your territorial exclusivity does not depend on the achievement of any
particular sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency.


The territorial protection you get from SOPUS Products under the Product Supply Agreement
does not depend on SOPUS Products’ continued ownership or control of us and depends on the
continuation of that agreement.


You can, of course, agree to modify your territorial protection.  For example, you may apply for
a new franchise within your exclusive area.  (We have no obligation to grant you a new franchise inside
or outside of your exclusive territory.)