ITEM 12: TERRITORY
Franchise Agreement
The Franchise Agreement will grant to you the right to operate your Franchised Unit at a specific
location only, that we approve, and does not in any way grant, confer or imply any geographic area,
market or exclusive territorial right to you. You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we or our affiliates franchise or own, or from other
channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
Since the franchise does not grant to you any exclusive rights to an area, market or territory, there
are no restrictions on you, us, our affiliates, or other franchisees with respect to soliciting or obtaining
business from any geographic area. However, you do not have the right to use other channels of
distribution (such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing) to make sales
using the Marks, whether at your Franchised Unit or otherwise. The sales and customer trading patterns
of your Franchised Unit may change for a variety of reasons, including on-going development of the
Franchised System.
If your right to possession of the Franchised Unit’s premises is terminated without your fault or
affirmative action on your part at any time during the term of the Franchise Agreement (or in any other
case where we approve the termination at the premises), then if you notify us that: (a) this loss of
possession has occurred, or (b) this loss of possession will occur within 6 months of the date of your
notice, you will have the right to relocate your Franchised Unit to a new location subject to our approval.
You will be required to pay us a relocation fee of $1,000 to compensate us for our time in reviewing your
new site, unless the reason for the relocation is that you lease your premises from us or our affiliates and
the head lease has expired. If you do not relocate within one year of the date of the closing of your
previous location, your Franchise Agreement will automatically terminate. You may not relocate the
Franchised Unit under any other circumstances. (Section 8.4 of the Franchise Agreement.)
Except as provided in an Area Development Agreement, as described below, you do not receive
any options, rights of first refusal, or similar rights to acquire additional franchises. You do not receive
any right to exclude, control or impose conditions upon the location or development of future Midas
Shops. The continuation of your rights under the Franchise Agreement does not depend on you achieving
a certain sales volume, market penetration, or other contingency. We may not alter your Designated
Territory or any territorial rights.
5 8
We and our parents and affiliates have the right to establish other franchised or company-owned
Midas Shops and Co-Branding Shops at any other location whatsoever, including what may, at any point
in time, be considered within close proximity to your Franchised Unit. We and our parents and affiliates
also have the right to operate or license others to operate similar or different businesses under any trade
name, at any location, which may compete with your Franchised Unit. We and our parents and affiliates
also reserve the right to (i) develop and operate any type of business, including a competitive business
that does not use the Marks at any location whatsoever, including what may, at any point in time, be
considered within close proximity to your Franchised Unit, (ii) acquire competitive businesses of any
kind, in any location, for the purpose of selling the competitive business’ assets or merging it into an
existing business, including a competitor, (iii) operate, or franchise third parties to operate, competitive
businesses anywhere whatsoever, (iv) sell products the same as, similar to, or different from those