Item 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive Territory. We may establish other franchised or company-owned
businesses that may compete in your Territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we or our affiliates own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control. Franchises in another territory may be given temporary rights to advertise in your Territory, and
participate in any Advertising Council in your Territory at our sole discretion.
The Territory in which you may conduct your HomeVestors Business is identified in the Franchise
Agreement and is typically all or a portion of a designated market area, metropolitan statistical area, or
group of contiguous counties. Our current territories are listed on Exhibit L. You must maintain your office
in the Territory and relocation requires our consent. We may modify the geographic area of your Territory,
provided that a majority of the HomeVestors Businesses then operating in your Territory consent to the
modification of the geographic area for their HomeVestors Business.


136318221v.1
You may not, without our prior written consent, market or solicit the Products and Services outside the
Territory. You may not advertise or solicit for the purchase of properties outside the Territory and you may
not use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to
market or solicit the Products and Services outside of the Territory without our prior written consent. You
may not do research or “dig” leads outside the Territory. You have no exclusive rights in the Territory and
no options or rights of first refusal. We may have granted, or may in the future grant, franchises for the
operation of other HomeVestors Businesses within the Territory on terms we, in our sole discretion, deem
appropriate. We have the right to sell any of the Products and Services in the Territory.
We (on our own behalf and on behalf of our affiliates) retain all rights with respect to HomeVestors
Businesses, the Licensed Marks, the sale and/or distribution or provision of the Products and Services or
any other products and services, anywhere in the world, including: (1) the right to develop, distribute, sell
and/or provide Products and Services through any channel of distribution under or in association with the
Licensed Marks or any other trademark including, without limitation, by electronic means such as the
Internet and Web sites we establish; (2) the right to develop, distribute, sell and/or provide any other product
or service or own or operate any other business under the Licensed Marks or any other trademark; and (3)
the right to advertise the System over the Internet and to create, operate, maintain and modify, or discontinue
the use of Web sites using the Licensed Marks.
We do not currently offer franchises for the operation of similar businesses under a different trade name or
trademark. We do not currently intend to use the Licensed Marks or other trademarks in other channels of
distribution for similar products or services although we have reserved our right to do so.
We do not grant exclusive territories under the Franchise Agreement. Factors we utilize in determining the
number of offices and Associate Franchises in a territory include, without limitation, population, the amount
of advertising currently being placed, number of transactions generated in the territory and number of
housing units in the territory.
There are no restrictions on us or any other franchisee granted a franchise in the Territory from marketing
or soliciting the Products and Services inside the Territory. Although we have not done so, we may use
other channels of distribution, such as the Internet, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales, to make
sales within the Territory using the Marks. Although we have not done so, we also may use other channels
of distribution, such as the Internet, telemarketing, or other direct marketing sales, to make sales within the
Territory of products or services under trademarks different from the ones you will use under the Franchise
Agreement. We are not required to pay you any compensation for soliciting or accepting orders from inside
the Territory.
If you wish to relocate your HomeVestors Business, you may do so only with our prior written consent and
your relocated office must be within your Territory. We will use the same criteria in evaluating any
proposed new office location as we use in evaluating your initial office location.
Neither we nor any of our affiliates operates, franchises, or has plans to operate or franchise a business
under a different trademark, which business sells or will sell goods or services similar to those you will
offer. There are no minimum sales goals that you must achieve under the Franchise Agreement. The
Franchise Agreement grants you no options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional
franchises within the Territory or contiguous territories.