Item 12

TERRITORY

You will be expressly granted the limited right to operate one Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit at one specific
Licensed Site location designated by Chick-fil-A. The rights granted to you under the License Agreement are
limited to your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit location only. You will neither acquire nor have any right to use, or
to license the use of, any name, mark or other intellectual property right, except as granted to you under the
License Agreement in connection with the operation of your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit at the specific location
designated by Chick-fil-A.
License Program FDD

You will not receive an exclusive or protected territory, express or implied. The License Agreement
contains no exclusive grant, exclusive area, exclusive territorial rights, protected territory or right for you to
exclude, disapprove, control or impose conditions on the location, development or operation of current or
future Chick-fil-A Restaurants including Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. The sales and customer trading patterns
that a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit experiences at any particular time are subject to change by reason of many
factors, including our ongoing development of Chick-fil-A Restaurants including Chick-fil-A Licensed Units,
and Licensees do not have a right and should not expect that these patterns will never change. Chick-fil-A has
the right to establish other Chick-fil-A Licensed Units or Operator-run or company-owned Chick-fil-A
Restaurants both within and outside the geographic and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-
fil-A Licensed Unit location, and reserves the right to use other channels of distribution, such as the Internet,
catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing both within and outside the geographic and customer
trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit location. During the term of your License
Agreement, however, Chick-fil-A will not operate or grant other parties the right to operate any other Chick-
fil-A Licensed Units or Operator-run or company-owned Chick-fil-A Restaurants at the exact same Licensed
Site as the Licensed Site where you operate your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit (or, for example, where the
Licensed Site is an airport, at the exact same retail area within the Licensed Site). Any internal policies that we
may develop, apply and modify periodically in connection with decisions to develop new Chick-fil-A
Restaurants including Chick-fil-A Licensed Units do not grant you any contract rights, are not part of your
contract, and do not modify or affect Chick-fil-A’s or your contract rights and obligations under the License
Agreement. Chick-fil-A’s internal programs and policies are subject to change or cancellation at any time by
Chick-fil-A.

You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other licensees or
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control.

Our affiliates may also own and operate Chick-fil-A Restaurants or control competitive brands. We
are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above outside or inside the geographic and
customer trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed Site. We do not restrict you from
soliciting or accepting authorized food and beverage orders from outside the geographic and customer trading
pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed Site (subject to your ability to comply with then-current
requirements and standards), but you do not have the right to use other unapproved channels of distribution to
make sales outside the geographic and customer trading pattern areas surrounding your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Site.

You may not relocate your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit without Chick-fil-A’s prior written consent.
If you wish to operate a Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit in another location instead of the Licensed Site of your
existing Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, Chick-fil-A may, but is under no obligation to, allow you to relocate to
another Licensed Site to establish another Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit. Licensees who relocate in this manner
may be required to execute new License Agreements.

If during the term of the License Agreement, you determine that you would (yourself or through a
Third-Party Operator) like to operate additional proposed Chick-fil-A Licensed Units at additional Licensed
Sites, you must notify Chick-fil-A promptly of each such proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Site and
convey to Chick-fil-A all information about the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Site requested by
Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A shall have the option to reject or tentatively accept the proposed additional Chick-fil-
A Licensed Site, pending Chick-fil-A’s completion of a site visit and any further investigative activities it deems
necessary or appropriate. You must arrange for Chick-fil-A to have access to each proposed additional Chick-
fil-A Licensed Site so that Chick-fil-A can conduct an assessment of the Licensed Site. After Chick-fil-A has
completed the site visit, you must complete a site description form for the proposed additional Chick-fil- A
Licensed Site and submit it to Chick-fil-A for final approval. Chick-fil-A shall have 10 business days from the
date it receives the completed site description form to approve or reject the proposed additional Chick-fil-
License Program FDD

A Licensed Site. Chick-fil-A may reject your proposal for additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites if Chick-fil- A
in its sole discretion determines that: (i) the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites are unsuitable for
operating Chick-fil-A Licensed Units; (ii) the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites reflect
inappropriately on Chick-fil-A or the Chick-fil-A System; or (iii) the lease, facility, use, occupancy or
ownership arrangements with respect to the proposed additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Sites do not comply with
Chick-fil-A’s requirements. However, Chick-fil-A is under no obligation to offer you the opportunity to operate
additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units and reserves the right under Section 3 of the License Agreement not to
offer you the opportunity to operate additional Chick-fil-A Licensed Units. As a condition to Chick-fil- A’s
approval of each proposed additional Licensed Site, Chick-fil-A may require, in its sole discretion, that you: (i)
execute a new, separate License Agreement for each such additional Licensed Site; and (ii) pay an initial license
fee for each such additional Licensed Site.

Certain affiliates of Chick-fil-A operate certain Dwarf House restaurants and Truett’s Grill restaurants,
which are licensed to sell Chick-fil-A products. The Dwarf House restaurants are modeled after the Dwarf Grill
restaurant first opened by S. Truett Cathy in Hapeville, Georgia, in 1946. (The eighteen Dwarf House and Truett’s
Grill restaurants that currently exist are, directly or indirectly, owned by the family of our founder, S. Truett
Cathy.) Depending on the proximity of a Dwarf House or Truett’s Grill restaurant to your Chick-fil-A Licensed
Unit, a Dwarf House or Truett’s Grill restaurant may compete with your licensed  business.

As described above, Chick-fil-A licenses Chick-fil-A Licensees and continues to offer licenses to
prospective Licensees who have access to certain non-traditional locations such as schools, workplaces,
universities, airports, hospitals and other similar captive audience locations to sell Chick-fil-A brand
products at these locations. Chick-fil-A also grants franchises to franchised Operators and continues to offer
franchises to prospective franchised Operators to operate franchised Chick-fil-A Restaurants as free-standing
units, mall and in-line units, drive-thru only units and satellite units. Satellite units may be established at
non- traditional locations such as in office buildings, big-box stores, downtown areas, schools, universities,
sports stadiums, theme parks and other similar captive audience locations. Depending on the proximity of
other Chick-fil-A Licensed Units or other Chick-fil-A Restaurants to your Chick-fil-A Licensed Unit, a
Chick-fil- A Licensed Unit or other Chick-fil-A Restaurant may compete with your licensed business.
Chick-fil-A has never offered a franchise other than for a Licensed Unit or a franchised Chick-fil-A
Restaurant in the same or any other line of business, although it reserves the right to do so whether by
acquisition or start-up.

Chick-fil-A may operate or license others to operate any business competitive with the business of its
Operators and/or its Licensees under a name other than Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A is currently conducting a test
of its affiliate New Mile Ventures, LLC’s delivery kitchen concept called Little Blue Menu® featuring several
new virtual restaurants as well as offering Chick-fil-A products. As of the date of this Disclosure Document,
Chick-fil-A has not formulated any plans or policies to operate or license others to operate any business under
a different name, but Chick-fil-A or its affiliates may establish other or similar businesses at some future date.














License Program FDD