Item 12
TERRITORY

You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own,
or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands we control.

You will not receive any territorial rights and there are no radius restrictions or minimum or maximum population
requirements which limit where we can license or open another Subway® Restaurant, unless otherwise provided under
applicable state law.

We do not presently intend to establish other franchises or company- or affiliate-owned outlets selling similar products
or services under a different trade name or trademark, but we reserve the right to do so.  In the future, we may offer our
own branded product lines under a separate license.  We may charge an additional license fee.  We may establish units
as separate franchises not located within a Subway® restaurant. We and our affiliates have unlimited rights to compete
with you and to license others to compete with you. We and our affiliates retain the exclusive unrestricted right to
produce, distribute, and sell food products, beverages, and other products and services, under the Subway® mark or any
other mark, directly and indirectly, through employees, representatives, licensees, assigns, agents, and others, at
wholesale, retail, and otherwise, at any location, without restriction by any right you may have, and without regard to
the location of any Subway® Restaurant, and these other stores or methods of distribution may compete with the
Restaurant and may adversely affect your sales. We may use methods of distribution other than through a Subway®
restaurant location, including, but not limited to, a centralized call center, the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing and
other direct marketing. You will not receive any compensation from us in connection with any such production,
distribution or sales. You do not have any right to exclude, control, or impose conditions on the location or development
of any Subway® restaurant, other restaurant, store or other method of distribution, under the Subway® mark or any other
mark.

Except as described in Item 1, we do not operate or franchise, or currently plan to operate or franchise, any business
under a different trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those that our franchisees sell. However,
affiliates of our parent, UPL, and other portfolio companies that currently are or in the future may be owned by private
equity funds managed by Roark Capital Management, LLC, may operate and/or franchise businesses that sell similar
goods or services to those that our franchisees sell. Item 1 describes affiliates of UPL that offer franchises, their principal
business addresses, the goods and services they sell, whether their businesses are franchised and/or company-owned,
and their trademarks. All of these other brands (with limited exceptions) maintain offices and training facilities that are
physically separate from the offices and training facilities of our franchise network. Most of the affiliates of UPL are
not direct competitors of our franchise network given the products or services they sell, although some are. All of the
businesses that UPL’s affiliates and their franchisees operate may solicit and accept orders from customers near your
business. Because they are separate companies, we do not expect any conflicts between our franchisees and UPL’s
affiliates’ franchisees regarding territory, customers and support, and we have no obligation to resolve any perceived
conflicts that might arise.

Your franchise entitles you to operate only at and from one location you select and we approve.  In limited circumstances,
due to difficulties in negotiating a lease with the landlord, the location you select may not be available to us or you and,
therefore, we will not provide approval for the location.  In such an event, we may approve the landlord to operate at
that location. We will not grant you any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights to acquire additional franchises
within a particular market area or contiguous areas.

You may solicit and accept orders for approved products offered in your restaurant which may compete with other
Subway® restaurants.  You may use Internet couponing, billboards and point of purchase advertising materials as a
method of direct marketing, but only with our prior written approval prior to distribution.

If the lease for your Restaurant terminates without your fault, or if the site is destroyed, condemned or otherwise rendered
unusable without your fault, or if in our judgment there is a change in character of the location of the Restaurant
sufficiently detrimental to its business potential to warrant its relocation, we will grant permission for relocation of the
Restaurant to a location and site acceptable to us. Any such relocation shall be at your sole expense and we shall have
QB\66116920.16



the right to charge you for any costs incurred by us, and a reasonable fee, in connection with any such relocation of the
Restaurant. We consider the same factors in evaluating any relocation site as we do in evaluating your initial site.

You have only 6 months to relocate and reopen a satellite restaurant under Part IV of the Franchise Agreement Rider. If
the satellite will be in operation for one year or less, you are not permitted to relocate the satellite restaurant under Part
IV of the Franchise Agreement Rider.  If you purchase a school lunch franchise, you can relocate your restaurant only
within the same school or the same school district under Part II of the Franchise Agreement Rider. Under Section 24.H
of the Franchise Agreement, if the landlord terminates the lease or license (as applicable) for the premises and an
arbitrator or court determines you did not breach the Sublease or Sublicense (as applicable) but it was our fault or our
affiliate’s fault the landlord terminated the lease, then our obligation to you will be limited to the cost of your leasehold
improvements less depreciation using a 5-year life under the straight-line method.  We will pay you this amount after
you relocate and reopen your restaurant.  If the landlord terminates the lease and an arbitrator or court determines you
breached the Sublease or Sublicense or it was not our fault or our affiliate’s fault, then we will not have any obligation
to you relating to termination of the lease.