Item 12:  Territory

Development Agreement

We have a program for the development of Domino's Pizza Stores in markets in which we
have determined, based on studies, to be appropriate for the development of additional Domino's
Pizza Stores.  We may sign the Development Agreement with franchisees who are given the
opportunity to further develop these markets.


You will not receive an exclusive territory under the Development Agreement.  You may
face competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands we control.  You will receive a development area in which to
develop the Stores.  Neither we nor our affiliates will operate or grant a franchise for a Store other
than to you within this development area during the term of the Development Agreement (unless
earlier terminated).  The development area, which is outlined on a map, and a corresponding
written description is attached to the Development Agreement when it is signed.  Enclosed malls,
institutions (such as hospitals), airports, parks (including theme parks), sports arenas, convention
centers and other facilities or venues where events are scheduled are excluded from the area
granted.  You will have the first option to service such facility if you meet the legal and/or venue
requirements, subject to our approval.  The number of Stores you must open each year under the
Development Agreement will be inserted when the Development Agreement is signed and will be
based, in part, upon the market potential of the development area but must be for a minimum of 1
Store.  Each Store location must be approved by us.


We may terminate the Development Agreement, including your territorial rights, upon
notice to you if (a) you do not meet the Development Requirements described in Section 4 of the
Development Agreement; (b) you or your owners do not comply with any other provision of the
Development Agreement; (c) any Domino’s Pizza Development Agreement or Franchise
Agreement with any entity that you or your Controlling Person directly or indirectly, owns in
whole or in part, is terminated by us in accordance with its terms; (d) you and your owners fail to
maintain the financial capacity and necessary skills and experience to meet the Development
Requirements and timely develop and operate the Stores required to be opened and operated under
this Agreement based upon criteria established by us from time to time; or (e) the Controlling
Person of the Developer under the Development Agreement is not at any time the Controlling
Person of all approved entities operating Stores in the Development Area.


The termination of your Development Agreement will not alter your territorial protection
for the Stores you develop as a franchisee.  The Development Agreement does not prohibit us or
our affiliates from establishing other franchises or company-owned outlets selling similar products
or services under a different trade name or trademark within your development area or from
distributing products or services offered at Domino's Pizza Stores through other channels of
distribution.  Only the mutual written agreement of the parties may alter your development area.





July 2024


Traditional Store Standard Franchise Agreement


You may operate the Store only at a location approved by us.  You will not receive an
exclusive territory under our Traditional Store Franchise Agreement.  You may face competition
from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or
competitive brands that we control.  You will be assigned an area of primary responsibility.  The
boundaries of the area of primary responsibility will be inserted in the Standard Franchise
Agreement when it is signed.  The area of primary responsibility will generally be a 1 mile radius
around the Store, a 1 mile radius from a street intersection or a written description equivalent to a
1 mile radius, except that in densely populated areas, it generally will be a ½ mile radius.  During
the term of the Standard Franchise Agreement, neither we nor our affiliates will operate or grant a
franchise for a Store whose area of primary responsibility overlaps your area of primary
responsibility.

When the Standard Franchise Agreement is signed, we will define the parameters of the
delivery and service area in accordance with our policy.  You may periodically be assigned
boundaries in which the Domino's Pizza Traditional Store may not offer delivery service.  We have
the right, in our sole discretion, to adjust the size of your delivery and service area to account for
changes in market conditions, population changes or other considerations.  During approved hours
of operation, you must offer delivery to customers within your delivery and service area according
to the rules we periodically establish.  You are not required to offer delivery in areas which might
present a danger to you or any of your employees.  However, you will remain solely responsible
for investigating and reviewing periodically, but not less than annually, any decisions by you to
limit your delivery area for safety reasons, subject to the procedures and standards we may
prescribe from time to time, and for obtaining and maintaining information that supports your
decisions to limit delivery service.  You understand and agree that you may not change the
boundaries of your delivery and service area without our prior written consent.  When making
deliveries, you and your employees must comply with all laws, regulations and rules of the road
and due care and caution.


Enclosed malls, institutions (such as hospitals), airports, parks (including theme parks),
sports arenas, convention centers and other facilities or venues where events are scheduled are
excluded from your area of primary responsibility and your delivery and service area, unless
otherwise specified by us in writing.  You will have the first option to service such facility if you
meet the legal and/or venue requirements, subject to our approval.

In the event the Store is destroyed or rendered unusable, we may grant permission for the
Store to be repaired, restored or reconstructed at the existing location.  Any repair, restoration,
reconstruction or relocation will be at your sole expense.  The Store, whether we grant permission
for you to repair, restore, reconstruct or relocate, must be open and operating no later than 6 months
after its closure.  In addition, within 10 days of vacating the Store premises, you must make such
reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Store (including signage, menu boards,
job aids, product photos and the like) as we require to fully eliminate its identification and
appearance as a Domino’s Pizza Store.


We may require that you relocate the Store upon renewal of the Franchise.

July 2024




The Standard Franchise Agreement does not prohibit us or our affiliates from establishing
other franchises or company-owned outlets selling similar products or services under a different
trade name or trademark within your area of primary responsibility or from distributing products
or services offered at Domino's Pizza Traditional Stores through other channels of distribution.


Continuation of your area of primary responsibility does not depend on your achieving a
certain sales volume or market penetration.  Provided you are in compliance with the terms of the
Standard Franchise Agreement, only the mutual written agreement of the parties may alter your
area of primary responsibility.

Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement


You may operate the Store only at a location approved by us.  You will not receive an
exclusive territory under our Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement.  You may face
competition from other franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of
distribution or competitive brands that we control.  If you are opening a Domino's Pizza Non-
Traditional Store, your area of primary responsibility will be the premises of the store.

In the event the Store is destroyed or rendered unusable, we may grant permission for the
Store to be repaired, restored or reconstructed at the existing location.  Any repair, restoration,
reconstruction or relocation will be at your sole expense.   The Store, whether we grant permission
for you to repair, restore, reconstruct or relocate, must be open and operating no later than 6 months
after its closure.  In addition, within 10 days of vacating the Store premises, you must make such
reasonable modifications to the exterior and interior of the Store (including signage, menu boards,
job aids, product photos and the like) as we require to fully eliminate its identification and
appearance as a Domino’s Pizza Store.

We may require that you relocate the Store upon renewal of the Franchise.

The Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement does not prohibit us or our affiliates from
establishing other franchises or company-owned outlets selling similar products or services under
a different trade name or trademark within the area of primary responsibility, if any, or from
distributing products or services offered at Domino's Pizza Stores through other channels of
distribution.


Continuation of the area of primary responsibility, if any, does not depend on your
achieving a certain sales volume or market penetration.  Provided you are in compliance with the
terms of the Non-Traditional Store Franchise Agreement, only the mutual written agreement of
the parties may alter the area of primary responsibility.






July 2024