ITEM 12
TERRITORY
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.  The
Franchise Agreement grants you the right to operate one Circle K Business only at the location specified.
You may not relocate your site without our prior written consent.  If we consent to relocation of your Circle
K Business, you must construct the new Circle K Business in accordance with our current specifications
and at your sole cost and expense, including a relocation fee of 50% of the Initial Franchise Fee you paid
when you signed the Franchise Agreement as reimbursement for expenses we have incurred in connection
with the relocation.

You do not receive any rights to:  (i) sell products or merchandise (including motor fuel) identified
by the Circle K Marks at any location (other than your approved Circle K Business premises) or through
any other channels or methods of distribution, including the internet (or any other existing or future form
of electronic commerce); (ii) sell products or merchandise (including motor fuel) identified by the Circle K
Marks to any person or entity for resale or further distribution; or (iii) exclude, control or impose conditions
on TMC’s development or operation of franchised, company or affiliate owned convenience stores/motor
fuel businesses at any time or at any location.


We may grant franchises for Circle K Businesses or Other Circle K Franchised Outlets (with or
without motor fuel businesses), and/or operate Circle K Businesses or other Circle K-branded convenience
stores (with or without motor fuel businesses), at any location as determined by us, regardless of proximity
to your Circle K Business.
DMS_US.364149265.6

CK 2024 Multi State FDD (Standard)



Regardless of whether you are a single Circle K Business operator, a multiple Circle K Business
operator other than a Multi-Site Operator, or a Multi-Site Operator, we reserve the right to sell products and
services (including motor fuel) bearing the Circle K Marks within your trade area through Circle K
convenience stores/gas stations, other convenience stores/gas stations and alternate channels of distribution
other than convenience stores/gas stations.  We and our affiliates also are free to establish or operate other
company-owned or franchised outlets or channels of distribution selling products or services under a
trademark different than the Circle K Marks.  In particular, as described below, we or our affiliates have
the right to operate and establish company-owned or franchised outlets under the On the Run®, Kangaroo
Express®, Holiday Stationstores® and Corner Store® marks.  These products or services may or may not
be similar to the products and services offered at your Circle K Business.  All of these locations and
activities may compete with you.  We also may vary standards for any Circle K franchise owner based on
a particular site or circumstance, population variations, business potential, trade area, existing practices, or
any other condition which we may determine to be significant.
We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above.

The On the Run® businesses sell goods and services similar to the franchise offered under this
Disclosure Document.  Specifically, the On the Run® business offers convenience store franchises under
the On the Run® mark.  Currently, the outlets operated under the On the Run® mark will be franchised, but
we reserve the right to own or operate outlets under the On the Run® mark.  Franchisees using the On the
Run® mark have the right to solicit customers in your trade area.  The On the Run® franchise business is
operated from the same offices as the Circle K franchise business, at 1130 West Warner Road, Tempe,
Arizona 85284. We currently provide training for On the Run® franchisees in the same facility as Circle K
franchisees.
We may grant franchises for On the Run® stores or operate On the Run® stores at any location as
determined by us, regardless of proximity to your Circle K Business.
The Kangaroo Express® businesses also sell goods and services similar to the franchise offered
under this Disclosure Document.  As mentioned in Item 1 of this Disclosure Document, beginning in 2015,
we began offering and selling franchises under the Kangaroo Express® marks for the operation of Kangaroo
Express® convenience stores and motor fuel businesses.  We have, and in the future our franchisees using
the Kangaroo Express® mark may have, the right to solicit customers in your trade area.  The Kangaroo
Express® franchise business is operated from the same offices as the Circle K and On the Run® franchise
businesses, at 1130 West Warner Road, Tempe, Arizona 85284. We currently provide training for Kangaroo
Express® franchisees in the same facility as Circle K and On the Run® franchisees.
We may grant franchises for Kangaroo Express® stores or operate Kangaroo Express® stores at
any location as determined by us, regardless of proximity to your Circle K Business.
The Holiday Stationstores® businesses also sell goods and services similar to the franchise offered
under this Disclosure Document.  As mentioned in Item 1 of this Disclosure Document, in December 2017,
we acquired HDS, which offers and sells franchises under the Holiday Stationstores® marks for the
operation of Holiday Stationstores® convenience stores and motor fuel businesses.  HDS and its affiliates
have, and in the future franchisees using the Holiday Stationstores® mark may have, the right to solicit
customers in your trade area.  The Holiday Stationstores® franchise business is operated from HDS’s
principal place of business at 4567 American Boulevard West, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55437.
DMS_US.364149265.6

CK 2024 Multi State FDD (Standard)



HDS may grant franchises for Holiday Stationstores® stores and HDS or its affiliates may operate
Holiday Stationstores® stores at any location as determined by HDS or its Affiliates, regardless of
proximity to your Circle K Business.
The Corner Store® businesses also sell goods and services similar to the franchise offered under
this Disclosure Document.  As mentioned in Item 1 of this Disclosure Document, we acquired the Corner
Store® brand and system in 2017. Although we no longer offer franchises under the Corner Store® marks
for the operation of Corner Store® convenience stores, the existing Corner Store® franchisees and our
company-operated Corner Store® outlets may have the right to solicit customers in your trade area.  The
Corner Store® franchise business is operated from the same offices as the Circle K, On the Run®, and
Kangaroo Express® franchise businesses, at 1130 West Warner Road, Tempe, Arizona 85284. We currently
provide training for Corner Store® franchisees in the same facility as Circle K®, On the Run® and
Kangaroo Express® franchisees.
Continuation of your franchise depends on your purchase of a certain quantity of motor fuel from
us as outlined further in your Motor Fuel Agreement.  Your failure to purchase the quantity of motor fuel
outlined in your Motor Fuel Agreement may result in termination of the Motor Fuel Agreement and the
Franchise Agreement.  We generally will not grant you any options, rights of first refusal or similar rights
to acquire additional franchises within a particular territory or contiguous territories.

There are no restrictions on the customers that you may solicit or service, but you do not have the
right to use other channels of distribution such as mail order, catalog, telemarketing or Internet to make
sales to customers.